
This 2-day programme on leading strategic change is designed to equip leaders with the ability to understand when and why change is needed in business, and how to deliver it effectively and sustainably.

In our increasingly complex and interconnected world, nothing stands still for long. For leaders, the challenge is to understand how to navigate the latest developments and lead strategic change in response.

But the processes which lead to effective transformation are often still ill-understood, and more than 70% of planned organisational change fails.

Drawing on real-world experiences and practical exercises grounded in the latest theoretical advances, this 2-day programme will equip leaders with the skills required to understand why change is needed and how to deliver it effectively and sustainably.
Postive Score611.1111111111111
Negative Score111.11111111111111


Emotional intelligence helps leaders become ‘people smart’ and to use practical tools to inspire better results, at all levels.

What drives proactive behaviour, motivates, commitment, inspiration, understanding, decision-making, healthy conflict resolution and overall performance in organisations today?

Leaders who are skilled in using emotional intelligence (EI) as a professional influence tool.

“The most effective leaders are all alike in one crucial way: They all have a high degree of what has come to be known as emotional intelligence,” Daniel Goleman, author of the New York Times bestseller Emotional Intelligence.

Organisations are now beginning to switch on to the advantages of having their leaders trained in EI. Leaders who employ EI skills help themselves and their people to:

Grow stronger relationships at all levels with colleagues, management, clients and stakeholders

Create ‘proactive’ high-performing teams

Think and act adaptively no matter the situation

Communicate with greater openness and purpose

Achieve better results with greater ownership, accountability and responsibility

In this two-day interactive workshop, you will gain practical and effective skills and tools to understand, engage and influence others to achieve even more. The EI model is simplicity itself, and within each stage participants will gain a multitude of tools for everyday leadership:
Postive Score2104.0
Negative Score204.0


The Leadership Programme is designed to help you develop your personal leadership skills. You will learn to inspire and lead others by understanding yourself, how you relate to the people you work with and the leadership challenges you face.

You will already have experience in a leadership role and perhaps be at a point where the requirement to lead and influence people is becoming increasingly significant in determining your success. You are likely to be responsible for teams of people and/or projects and be measured in terms of your effectiveness in influencing others within the organisation. If you now feel the need to reflect on your leadership effectiveness and take steps to further develop as a leader, this programme is for you.

Benefits to the individual

Understanding of yourself as a leader; your strengths and weaknesses in this role and to utilise these for best advantage

Go away with a strong set of frameworks to look at leadership effectiveness in yourself and others

Develop clear goals and a powerful commitment to improve your personal leadership effectiveness

Learn from the experience of others by working with them in a range of different leadership scenarios.

Benefits to the organisation

This programme helps good leaders raise the bar and understand what it takes - both from within themselves and through their influence on the wider organisation - to deliver high performance and transformational results. It can mark a significant change in a leaders' effectiveness and career direction.

You can expect to review a range of leadership frameworks and explore how to manage the pressures of delivering high performance. The emphasis throughout is on application, to help you become a better leader in the context in which you work now whilst building skills for the future.
Postive Score4002.2222222222226
Negative Score302.22222222222223


Are you an aspiring leader? Enhance your understanding of the complex and contingent nature of leading in an engaging way and develop the skills, knowledge and capabilities which are central to effective leadership with this intensive two-day programme.

Effective leadership is critical to the success of all organisations. Traditional command-and-control leadership styles are becoming less tenable in a complex and digitally connected world. Successful leaders need to be agile, adaptable, have a strong level of self-awareness, and a firm understanding of their impact upon others (especially followers).

Focus and structure

The programme is structured in a way that combines contemporary theoretical insights with a practical and grounded understanding of how to apply the content to the day-to-day work of being an effective leader. Using a variety of techniques including face-to-face teaching, case studies and experiential exercises, the programme is delivered over two days. The first day focusses on leading oneself insofar as it looks at self-awareness, individual leadership predispositions and preferences, dominant behaviours, and personal effectiveness. The second day is primarily concerned with leading others insofar as it looks at leading teams, motivating followers, managing conflict, delegating and influencing others.
Postive Score5101.666666666667
Negative Score701.6666666666666


Yih-teen Lee is associate professor in the Department of Managing People in Organizations. He earned his Ph.D. at HEC, University of Lausanne, where he also participated in a research project as a postdoctoral research fellow. He teaches subjects such as leadership, cross-cultural management, and strategic human resource management in MBA as well as executive programs. Prior to IESE, he taught at HEC University of Lausanne (Switzerland), Angers Graduate School of Business ESSCA (France), the American Graduate School of International Management Thunderbird Europe (France), and Lung-Hua University of Science and Technology (Taiwan, R.O.C.).

One of Prof. Lee's papers on culture and the person-environment fit, titled "Satisfaction and Individual Preference for Structuring: What is Fit Depends on Where You Are From," won the Best International Paper Award of the Organizational Behavior Division at the 2006 Academy of Management Annual Meeting, and was one of the three finalists of the academy-wide Carolyn Dexter Award. In addition to papers published in scientific journals such as Personality and Individual Difference, Prof. Lee also co-edited the books Les compétences culturelles (cultural competences, L'Harmattan, 2007), and the Cultural Contexts of Human Resource Development (Palgrave, 2009). He participates actively in research activities in cross-cultural comparative studies, cultural identities and cultural competences, and leadership in multicultural teams. He is also passionate about developing endemic cultural knowledge of the Chinese business context.

Prof. Lee is ad-hoc reviewer for journals such as Leadership Quarterly, Organization Studies, and Management and Organization Review, among others. He is a member of the editorial board of the Revue économique et sociale, and also member of the Academy of Management, the Association of Psychological Science, the European Group of Organizational Studies, the Standing Conference on Organizational Symbolism, the Association francophone de gestion des ressources humaines (Francophone Association of Human Resources Management) and the Association internationale du management stratégique (International Association of Strategic Management).
Postive Score5401.587301587302
Negative Score701.5873015873016


Joe Peppard is Professor of Management. Additionally, he is an adjunct professor at the University of South Australia. Previously, he held academic appointments at Cranfield School of Management (United Kingdom), Loughborough University (United Kingdom), Trinity College, Dublin (Ireland), Groningen University (the Netherlands), Politecnico di Milano (Italy), and University of Sydney (Australia). In 2011 he was the Dean’s Distinguished Scholar at the University of Southern Queensland (Australia).

At ESMT, Prof Peppard designs, directs and teaches on customized executive development and intervention programs for customers such as ThyssenKrupp, Bosch, E.ON, and Munich-Re. He also leads a number of open enrolment programs as well as teaching on the school’s MBA program.

The focus of his research is in the area of information, information systems and information technology. Through his research he seeks to challenge dominant orthodoxies as he believes that these are contributing significantly to the problems that organizations have in leveraging digital technologies, both operationally and strategically, and ultimately in optimizing the value delivered from digital investments. Professor Peppard has published widely in academic and general business and management journals and regularly presents his work at international conferences. Findings from his studies have been published in leading journals such as European Journal of Information Systems, California Management Review, MIS Quarterly Executive, Journal of Strategic Information Systems, International Journal of Production and Operations Management, European Management Journal, Journal of Information Technology, Long Range Planning, MIT Sloan Management Review, Harvard Business Review, International Journal of Information Management and Information Systems Journal. In 2009 The Operational Research Society awarded him the prestigious Stafford Beer Medal for his research while he received the Best Paper Award at the 2012 American Marketing Association’s International Service Research Conference.

His most recent books include Strategic planning for information systems (Wiley) and Customer relationship management: Perspectives from the marketplace (Butterworth-Heinemann). His book The essence of business process re-engineering (Prentice-Hall), originally published in the mid-1990s, has been translated into Chinese, Spanish and Polish. He is currently working on a book Digital Leadership for Boards and C-Suites (to be published in 2015). He is Associate Editor of the International Journal on IT/Business Alignment and Governance, an Editorial Board Member of European Management Journal and MIS Quarterly Executive and was previously European Editor of the Journal of Information Technology.

In his consulting, Professor Peppard has worked closely with senior executives and Board members of large complex organizations in both public and private sectors advising them on IT and strategy related matters, leveraging information and on how to unlock business value from their IT investments. He also works with a number of technology companies helping them with their strategy, market positioning and growth. A Irish former international athlete, he is a Non-Executive Director of IT Alliance Group, an outsourcing and managed service provider, and previously served as Chairman of the Board of Fineos Corporation, a global provider of innovative software solutions for insurance, bank assurance, and social insurance.
Postive Score6401.333333333334
Negative Score901.3333333333334


Given name

Family name

Your email address

Your phone number

Job Title Please select a job title Top-level (C-Suite, Owner, President, Director) Mid-level (Vice President, regional manager, managing director) Professional (associate, analyst, lower level manager) Entry level, intern or student

Industry Please select an industry Accounting and finance Corporate planning/business development Education/teaching Engineering General management Human resources International operations IT/computers/technology Legal/lawyer Manufacturing/production Medical PR/corporate communications Property and premises Public policy Scientific and technical services Sales Transport and distribution Other

Submit

Disclaimer: When you click submit, we will send an email on your behalf to Queen's School of Business from which you are requesting information. The email will contain your contact information so a school representative will be able to get in touch with you.
Postive Score6401.333333333334
Negative Score901.3333333333334


Leadership doesn’t only rest exclusively in the hands of the leader. To get your business going, you have to get your people on board. This three-day programme by RSM Executive Education will boost your skills to inspire, engage and motivate others, and teaches you the power of presence to reach your organisation’s goals.

You will learn new perspectives and techniques to reach your highest personal and professional potentials as a leader, including how to build trust, manage conflict, use positive emotions for successful decision-making, and implement effective time management. Your new non-verbal communication skills, such as presence and body language, will motivate and inspire people to achieve their best. You will also create an awareness and expansion of your repertoire as a leader. Connect, inspire and motivate your team by having your message congruent with your body language and voice.
Postive Score7001.234567901234
Negative Score901.2345679012345


Teams are at the heart of organisational life and their effectiveness strongly influences the success of the enterprise overall. Striving for, and achieving, high performance in teams has therefore become a major business imperative, but bringing together individuals into a group and making them a cohesive and productive team is far from straightforward. The mix of differing personalities, skills, motivations, career aspirations, and leadership styles of individuals, as well as the complexities of the task and the process, means that building and shaping high performance teams is fraught with difficulty.

We will explore the key elements of a high performance team, drawing on examples from corporations, not-for-profits, consultancies and sports teams, among others. We shall look at the major areas of team roles and responsibilities, team dynamics, and team outcomes. We will look at the different kinds of people required to make a high performance team and the important elements in ensuring the dynamics of the team bring high performance. Dealing with conflict in teams and how to cope with difficult team members will also feature in the sessions. The programme provides the opportunity for participants to hear the latest research on these topics from Cambridge University and to develop the implications of the work for their own organisations.
Postive Score7701.098901098901
Negative Score1201.098901098901


Tony Frost is an associate professor of international business, and the former MBA Program Director at the Ivey Business School. Frost received his Ph.D. from MIT's Sloan School of Management. His thesis "The Geographic Sources of Innovation in the Multinational Enterprise" received the inaugural Gunnar Hedlund Award for the best doctoral dissertation in international business. Before earning his Ph.D., Frost completed the first year of Sloan's MBA program and worked as an intern at Microsoft Corp. in Redmond, Washington. His undergraduate degree (BComm) is from the University of British Columbia.

Frost's research interests revolve around strategy and competition in a global context. The main focus of his research is on the capacity of foreign subsidiaries to assimilate, utilize and transfer geographically localized knowledge during the process of technological innovation. Papers from this research stream have been presented at various academic conferences and published in leading academic journals. More recently, Frost has embarked on a research project looking at competitive dynamics between multinationals and local firms in emerging markets. A paper from this project, co-authored with Ivey's Niraj Dawar, was recently published in Harvard Business Review. Frost's research has been funded by various organizations including Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada, Center for European Studies at Harvard University, Industrial Performance Center at MIT, and Carnegie Bosch Institute at Carnegie Mellon University.

Since joining Ivey in 1996, Tony Frost has taught Ph.D., MBA and undergraduate courses in Business, Economics and Public Policy and strategic management. He has also taught on several Ivey executive programs, including the recently launched Accelerating Management Talent program. He is currently Program Director of the Erasmus program in partnership with the Rotterdam School of Management. Frost also teaches specialized executive programs for emerging market companies in various locations around the world.
Postive Score8201.041666666668
Negative Score1201.0416666666665


Key Races : House

House Senate

CNN's 2018 Race Ratings are based on a number of factors and data points. These include candidate recruitment, fundraising strength, districts' voting history, voter registration data by party and recent voting trends, as well as CNN's political reporting and analysis.
Postive Score66.66666666666666
Negative Score33.33333333333333



Postive Score66.66666666666666
Negative Score33.33333333333333


IN YOUR HEADSET...

Headsets are hands-down the best way to watch VR stories. You can see the latest from CNNVR on the Samsung VR app , the Oculus Video app on Rift , or on the CNNVR app on Google Daydream . Just look left or right to explore the 360 world around you. Believe us, you need to try this.
Postive Score83.33333333333334
Negative Score16.666666666666664


London (CNN) Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, is pregnant with her first child, the UK's royal family has announced.

A statement from Kensington Palace said the baby is expected in the spring of 2019. Britain's Queen Elizabeth II will be the child's great-grandmother.

The Queen and other members of the royal family congratulated Meghan and her husband, Prince Harry, on Friday as they gathered in Windsor for Princess Eugenie's wedding to Jack Brooksbank , a royal source said Monday, without specifying whether the parents-to-be broke the news at their cousin's wedding.

The Queen, the Duke of Edinburgh, the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are delighted for the couple, Kensington Palace said in a statement.

Meghan's mother, Doria Ragland, "is very happy about this lovely news and she looks forward to welcoming her first grandchild," the statement added.

Read More
Postive Score80.0
Negative Score110.00000000000001


(CNN) Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, have touched down in Sydney for an official two week tour.

During the visit, which is their second official trip since their marriage in May, they'll visit Australia, New Zealand, Tonga and Fiji.

The tour coincides with the third Invictus Games, an international sporting competition for wounded veterans and members of the military created by Prince Harry in 2014.

The games will be held in Sydney this year and will be opened by Harry raising a flag on Sydney Harbor Bridge after climbing the structure.

Most of their time will be spent in Australia, where they'll meet with locals and focus on youth leadership projects -- Harry was recently named Commonwealth Youth Ambassador -- but also take in the sights.

JUST WATCHED Obama joins Prince Harry at Invictus Games Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama joins Prince Harry at Invictus Games 00:47

Read More
Postive Score80.0
Negative Score110.00000000000001


Brussels (CNN) British Prime Minister Theresa May will face EU leaders Wednesday in a make-or-break summit, as European Council President Donald Tusk warned the UK is barreling towards a disastrous no-deal Brexit.

Talks over the weekend stalled, with the EU's chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, saying "key issues are still open." The sticking point remains the thorny issue of the Irish border. The European Union wants the UK to agree a "backstop" or fallback position that would ensure an open border between Northern Ireland, which will be outside the EU, and the Republic of Ireland, which will remain an EU member state.

A source familiar with the talks told CNN that negotiators were very close to a draft agreement, but that it was killed in London by May.

Now the British leader has less than 48 hours to turn things around, before she addresses a meeting of European leaders on Wednesday evening.

Her most recent EU summit experience was a bruising one , with Tusk and others rejecting her proposals and blasting the UK's attitude towards negotiations.

The most damning assessment came from French President Emmanuel Macron, who told May that Brexit was sold sold to the British people by "liars (who) left the next day so they didn't have to manage it."

In an emergency statement to the UK Parliament Monday, May defended the "real progress" made in negotiations, but she added an EU proposal on how to handle the Northern Ireland border "threatens the integrity of our United Kingdom."

British Prime Minister Theresa May leaves Downing Street on October 15, 2018 in London, UK.

No-deal woes

While a host of issue remain to be settled in the incredibly complicated process of extricating the UK from the EU, the biggest problem remains that of Northern Ireland border.

Both London and Brussels are seeking to ensure there is no hard border in Ireland. Removing check points was a key part of the Good Friday Agreement that brought peace to Northern Ireland after years of deadly violence.

For European leaders, the best way to ensure this is with a "backstop" agreement, whereby failing other solutions, Northern Ireland will remain closely tied to European regulations on goods and services, including customs arrangements, after Britain leaves the bloc.

May argues this amounts to splitting the UK into different customs zones, a political nonstarter.

But her counterproposal, that the whole of the UK remain inside the EU's customs union on a time-limited basis, has been rejected by Brussels.

All attempts to reconcile these positions have so far failed.

May faces pressure not only from within her Conservative Party, but also its allies in Parliament, the Democratic Unionists, or DUP, a right wing Northern Irish party determined to avoid reunification with the Republic of Ireland. The DUP said it will not accept any deal that results in Northern Ireland being treated differently from the rest of the UK.

Should the DUP break with the Conservatives, May could face a no-confidence vote in Parliament that sparks a general election, with the not inconsiderable chance this would result in the Tories losing power altogether.

Reports in the British press said DUP leaders are preparing for a no-deal Brexit as the most likely outcome due to this issue. Tusk too, warned EU leaders Monday that they should be ready for the worst.

"We should ... remain hopeful and determined, as there is good will to continue these talks on both sides. But at the same time, responsible as we are, we must prepare the EU for a no-deal scenario, which is more likely than ever before," he said. "Like the UK, the Commission has started such preparations, and will give us an update during the meeting."

JUST WATCHED Sinn Féin leader: Brexit threatens Irish peace Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sinn Féin leader: Brexit threatens Irish peace 07:47

'Failed to reassure'

May found little support for her approach in the House of Commons Monday , with attacks from lawmakers on both the right and left.

Conservative MP Simon Clarke accused her of having "failed to reassure the house," while the DUP's leader in Westminster, Nigel Dodds, demanding May reiterate the UK would leave the EU "together with no part hived off either in the single market or customs union differences."

While supporters of Brexit have so far dominated the debate within the Conservative Party, there were calls from members of its pro-EU wing to avoid a hard exit and retain many of the benefits membership of the bloc brings the UK.

Four Conservative MPs -- along with multiple opposition lawmakers -- used the debate Monday to urge May to call a second referendum to allow the British people to have a say on whether to proceed with Brexit, a sentiment which has been gathering support in the UK amid the chaotic negotiations.

Opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn blasted May's approach, saying "the Prime Minister's failure to stand up to the warring factions on her own side have led us to this impasse."

"There is a Brexit deal that could command the support of Parliament and the country—a Brexit deal that would benefit Britain and allow us to rebuild our communities, regions and economy, and avoid any hard border in Northern Ireland—but that is not her deal," Corbyn said.
Postive Score47.368421052631575
Negative Score2901.754385964912


Istanbul (CNN) President Donald Trump suggested Monday that "rogue killers" could be behind the disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi, after a phone call with Saudi Arabia's King Salman about the case.

Trump told White House reporters that Salman offered him a "flat denial" in relation to the disappearance of Khashoggi, a columnist for The Washington Post who was last seen in public when he entered the Saudi consulate in Istanbul in Turkey on October 2.

Later Monday, the Saudis were preparing to admit that Khashoggi died during an interrogation that went wrong, one that was intended to lead to his abduction from Turkey, according to two sources.

Secretary of State Mike Pompeo left Washington for Riyadh at around midday to meet with the Saudi King on Trump's orders.

Previously, Saudi authorities had maintained that Khashoggi left the consulate the same afternoon of his visit, but have provided no evidence to support the claim. Khashoggi's fiancée, Hatice Cengiz, who was waiting outside the consulate, says she did not see him re-emerge.

A security officer peers through a partially open door at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul on Friday.

"It wasn't like there was a question in his mind. The denial was very strong," Trump said of King Salman.

"With that being said," Trump continued, "the king firmly denied any knowledge of it. He didn't really know -- maybe -- I don't want to get into his mind but it sounded to me like maybe these could have been rogue killers, who knows," Trump said.

"We are going to try to get to the bottom of it very soon," Trump added. "But his was a flat denial."

CNN reporters saw Turkish investigators, including forensics officers, entering the Saudi consulate in Istanbul Monday evening. Saudi officials had granted permission for the premises to be searched, a Turkish diplomatic source told CNN, and police were seen cordoning off the area before investigators arrived. Turkish officials also want to search the nearby consul general's residence.

Turkish authorities believe 15 Saudi men who arrived in Istanbul on October 2 were connected to Khashoggi's disappearance and possible murder. At least some of them appear to have high-level connections in the Saudi government.

A source familiar with the ongoing investigation told CNN on Friday that Turkish authorities have audio and visual evidence that shows journalist Khashoggi was killed inside the consulate.

International pressure is mounting on Riyadh to explain the journalist's disappearance, in a case that has created a diplomatic rift between Saudi and the West. The UK, France and Germany have demanded a "credible investigation" into the events and Trump on Sunday warned of serious retribution if the Saudis were found to be behind his possible death.

Saudi officials threatened to retaliate if the US imposed sanctions, but Riyadh later softened its tone.

The case has also caused friction between Saudi Arabia and Turkey, which has repeatedly accused the Saudis of failing to cooperate with their investigation.

CCTV footage shows Khashoggi entering the Saudi consulate on October 2.

The agreement to allow a search of the consulate comes a day after King Salman called Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to discuss the case. The two leaders agreed on a joint working group to look into the journalist's disappearance.

The Saudi official said that a royal decree was issued Friday directing the public prosecutor to conduct an internal investigation into the Khashoggi case, based on intelligence shared by Turkey with Saudi Arabia.

The official said that although a joint investigation team was cooperating on the ground, the Saudi "leadership had felt that an internal investigation was needed to make sure no stone is left unturned to unfold the truth."

International companies pull out

Amid the diplomatic fallout over Khashoggi's disappearance, international firms are pulling out of a high-profile investment summit. The Future Investment Initiative conference, dubbed "Davos in the Desert," was due to take place later this month in Riyadh, hosted by Saudi Arabia's de facto ruler, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.

The latest high-profile invitee to pull out of the conference is World Bank President Jim Yong Kim, according to a person familiar with the decision. JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon has also withdrawn, a spokesperson confirmed Sunday.

US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin was still due to attend the conference. Trump said on Monday that Mnuchin has until Friday to decide whether to attend. "He's going to make that decision," Trump said.

The BBC reported that the attendance of British Trade Secretary Liam Fox was in doubt.

The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia considered delaying the Saudi investment conference until after the investigation, according to a source with direct knowledge of the situation. It is unclear if that is still under consideration, according to the source. CNN received no response when reaching out to the CEO, managing director, and organizers of the conference.

Saudi Arabia has found support in a number of Arab allies, including Oman, Bahrain, Jordan, Lebanon, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt, which all put out statements Sunday saying they expressed solidarity with Saudi Arabia. The Palestinian Authority also put out a statement of support.
Postive Score46.25
Negative Score4201.25


Luxembourg (CNN) Brexit talks have hit a wall.

Negotiations between the UK and the European Union broke up on Sunday without a deal, three days before a critical summit of European leaders that was intended to mark significant progress on a Brexit agreement.

The sticking point remains the thorny issue of the Irish border. The European Union wants the UK to agree a "backstop" or fallback position that would ensure an open border between Northern Ireland, which will be outside the EU, and the Republic of Ireland, which will remain an EU member state.

Britain's chief negotiator, Dominic Raab, made an unexpected visit to Brussels, Belgium, on Sunday for a meeting with his EU counterpart Michel Barnier, after which it was clear an impasse had been reached. "Despite intense efforts, some key issues are still open, including the backstop," Barnier wrote on Twitter.

UK Prime Minister Theresa May sought to downplay Sunday's talks as another setback, telling members of Parliament on Monday that "real progress" had been made, particularly on the issue of Northern Ireland, and that a Brexit deal was still "achievable."

Read More
Postive Score43.47826086956522
Negative Score5101.086956521739


London (CNN) Fracking has restarted in the United Kingdom for the first time since 2011, as the UK-based energy firm Cuadrilla kicked off a three-month exploration process on Preston New Road in the northern English county of Lancashire.

The launch of the project follows a failed legal challenge by an environmental campaigner Friday.

The controversial mining process known as hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, extracts gas from shale rock by injecting fluid at high pressure into shale formations deep beneath the Earth's surface.

We have started hydraulic fracturing operations at our Preston New Road site. #shalegas To learn more about the process visit https://t.co/y0ThsIHYqB pic.twitter.com/sP9samdtP2 — Cuadrilla (@CuadrillaUK) October 15, 2018

The UK's then-Department of Energy and Climate Change suspended shale gas operations in 2011 after fears that the process was linked to earth tremors. Since then, there has been no fracking in the UK.

The process of extracting gas through fracking has come under fire from environmental groups that argue the process has consequences for the environment and contaminates groundwater.

Read More
Postive Score41.66666666666667
Negative Score5501.041666666666


(CNN) On the surface, Nightingale House in London looks like any other residential home for the elderly. With almost 200 residents, it's one of the the largest care homes in the country.

It's Tuesday morning, and more than 20 residents are seated around a room flooded with natural light, holding weights and performing moderate physical therapy exercises with an instructor.

The mood is calm, and people are engaged, yet there is excitement in the air. Every few minutes, residents glance toward the door in anticipation.

Their guests of honor are late.

"You can't help but feel the infection," said 90-year-old Fay Garcia, who was waiting patiently. It's like someone comes in and turns the light on, she said.

The infection -- and light -- comes in the form of a class full of children 2 to 3 years old who frequent the physical therapy session -- and many other parts of the daily lives of the residents at the Jewish care home.

In September, Nightingale House opened the doors to its on-site nursery, Apples and Honey Nightingale, the first co-located nursery in the UK. Children and elderly residents have access to a program filled with activities that include baking, gardening and art, as well as exercise. Residents can also access the nursery to spend time with the kids.

Residents of Nightingale House during a physical therapy session.

"The children work with and play with the residents every single day," said Ali Somers, co-founder of Apples and Honey Nightingale, who also heads evaluation and impact for this program.

The premise is intergenerational care, providing wisdom to the young and relationships -- and, in turn, longevity -- to the old.

'Good things are happening'

"When we bring children and residents together, the elderly together, you can see right away that good things are happening," Somers said.

These "good things" are evident to any observer.

More than 10 children make their way along the garden paths into the lounge where the residents are stretching their arms and shaking their legs. Most faces in the room are smiling, and a few residents reach out to encourage the kids to come toward them specifically.

As small children roam about, trying the exercises themselves, cuddling up to residents and in some cases performing headstands, the rest of the room comes alive.

"They're responding to an external stimulus, which is a toddler with an adorable grin fumbling towards them, carrying a toy, trying to interact," Somers said.

The benefits in terms of health are also clear to see.

Residents "very often forget their own physical limitations, and they find that they are encouraged; they stretch themselves; they will lean up out of their chair, extend a hand, engage in conversation," she added.

The average age of residents in the home is over 90, with 10% of them over 100, meaning issues regarding mobility and frailty are a priority, as well as loneliness.

If residents are more engaged, "they're encouraged to walk from the home down to the nursery. They're going outside more. They want to opt in to working with and spending time with and playing with the residents," Somers said.

'Adopted grandchildren'

At first, "I couldn't see the connection between early years and old age," said Garcia, who moved into the home a little over three years ago, having lived in New York for most of her adult life.

The idea of intergenerational care didn't mean much to her, she said, as she had never had children of her own. But once she was informed about the benefits and began spending time with the children, she soon changed her perspective.

"When the children come in, they recognize you after some time, and now I have all these adopted grandchildren and great-grandchildren," Garcia said.

"It's a whole new beginning for me," she said.

Fay Garcia, 90, visits with a child from her care home's on-site nursery.

The team at Nightingale has seen the change in Garcia and most of the home's residents -- both physical and psychological.

She has been going to the mother and toddler groups and visiting the nursery, walking around and just having fun with the little ones, said Simon Pedzisi, director of care services at Nightingale House. His daughter attends the nursery and spends a lot of time with Garcia.

"I see (Garcia) move round and round the building walking, going to different places," he said. "That's physical exercise with a purpose, because she's got somewhere to go, and she's got something that she's doing, which is different from trying to motivate herself."

Ending age apartheid

The idea of intergenerational care is new to the UK, but the idea stems from similar centers in the United States and other parts of the world.

"People are becoming more and more aware of the age apartheid that we live with," said Judith Horowitz, who co-founded the nursery with Somers.

Horowitz highlighted the fractured society that is increasingly dominant, "where people actually don't mix, where you often don't have extended family that are living close to you."

"We're not learning from each other," she said. "Very small children are very nonjudgmental. They're very accepting, and they're also very interested and very creative. They see things often from rather quirky directions."

Any significant differences made by the program are yet to be calculated, as the nursery has been in operation for only a few months. But a baby and toddler group preceded the creation of the nursery in January 2017, from which Somers is already seeing results -- and expects to see more.

Improvements for the elderly participants include reduced depression, increased mobility, better communication and language, and lower levels of dementia and memory loss.

"The residents enjoy watching the children and observing them," Somers said. "They engage different parts of their brains."

Somers believes the days of institutionalizing -- and separating -- child care and later life care are coming to an end.

Sarah Harper, professor of gerontology at the University of Oxford, agreed, adding that today, people go to school and work and often then live with people of a similar age.

The consequence? As partners, siblings, cousins and other lateral generations die, people "may find themselves very isolated and alone," said Harper, who is not involved in the Nightingale project.

"In the old days, people used to live together in households ... (or) with different generations just down the road," she said. "In a way, it's very sad that we have to set up intergenerational programs. It should be actually very natural thing for the generations to live together."

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

While programs are typically set up to benefit the elderly, Harper believes they end up equally benefiting the younger ages: Both young children and teenagers having older people as role models.

"Love and relationships and getting into the world it isn't new for (the older) generation. I think that can be really comforting and reassuring," she said. "We should naturally try to get the generations to live together."
Postive Score51.61290322580645
Negative Score5900.806451612903


Story highlights The mortality rate for infants in Britain rose for the first time in 100 years in 2015; the following year also saw an increase

Researchers say the rise is due to higher risk factors in the UK, tied to poverty and inequality

(CNN) Infant mortality in the UK is predicted to be 140% higher than in 15 other European countries by 2030, a new report says.

The mortality rate for infants in Britain rose for the first time in 100 years in 2015 and again in 2016. Deaths rose from 3.6 deaths per 1,000 in 2014 to 3.7 per 1,000 in 2015, then 3.8 per 1,000 deaths in 2016. Previous years had shown a steady decline in infant mortality rates across the UK.

The new report by the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health predicts that if the rate of increase stays the same, the UK's infant mortality will be 140% higher than 15 other European countries within the next 12 years, due to a faster fall of mortality rates elsewhere in Europe.

The lead author of the report, Russell Viner, said this possible outcome is "pretty disastrous." He added that "this is a warning sign that things need to shift."

Viner said that the cause of the rise in mortality seen over the past two years is unknown and that it's not clear whether this is a blip or a sign of a worrying trend.

Read More
Postive Score50.37037037037037
Negative Score6600.740740740741


Jane Merrick is a British political journalist and former political editor of the Independent on Sunday newspaper. The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers.

(CNN) Spring 2019 was already going to be a historic moment in British history, as the UK cuts loose from the European Union.

But, after news from Kensington Palace on Monday, there will be another -- less consequential, yet far more symbolic -- landmark for the UK's history books.

All being well, the first American -- well, half-American -- in the close line of succession to the British throne will be born

Kensington Palace announced that Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who have just embarked on a tour of Australia, Fiji, Tonga and New Zealand, are expecting their first child in April next year.

The new prince or princess will not only have that American heritage, but will also be the first biracial baby in line to the British throne.

Read More
Postive Score50.0
Negative Score6700.735294117647


(CNN) His is a life that young, football mad kids dream of. A Premier League footballer, who also plays for his country, living in a beautiful house in one of London's most desirable suburbs.

The house's style is minimalist and of exquisite taste. Relaxed and frequently smiling, French international Mamadou Sakho sits on a sofa in an immaculate white T-shirt.

If he smiles a lot Sakho is also extremely thoughtful. He talks of his desire "to study" in the future -- "football is a closed world and I like to open my mind," he tells CNN Sport -- and he is keen to discuss his charity projects, one that will involve working with South London barber Nikky Okyere.

When he talks to his wife Majda and two young daughters, Sakho slips into French. Upstairs the couple's newborn baby is asleep. His eldest children gleefully stand behind the cameras and seem slightly awed by the hustle and bustle of of the photo shoot. To them he's just papa.

Life wasn't always like this for Sakho.

"I had quite a difficult life when I was young, but those hard moments helped me to grow up and be the man who I am today," said Sakho as he reflected on his journey from Paris to the Premier League.

"Nobody can tell me that I don't know what it's like to not have food in the fridge, or nobody can tell me what cold is outside, to sleep outside or to ask for some coins, or to rob just to eat some food, because it was my life when I was young. It was my real life."

Mamadou Sakho rose through the ranks at PSG before coming to the English Premier League.

He was raised in the Parisian district of Goutte d'Or, which is close to Montmartre. These days it's been described as a "creative hub," but by the sound of it life was a bit tougher for Sakho.

He grew up in a family of seven siblings -- three brothers and three sisters -- and when he was 13 his father died, though he's keen to emphasize his home life was filled with a "good ambiance."

However he hints at how a forthright attitude may have played in his eventual success: "I had my own story ... and I think we all grew up with a different mentality."

Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights Mamadou Sakho began his career at Paris Saint-Germain, progressing quickly through the club's academy to make his debut at just 17. The fiery defender proved an instant fan favourite and went on to captain his side at the age of 21. Hide Caption 1 of 12 Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights Sakho won a host of trophies at PSG. He opened his tally by helping to win the Coup de France in 2010, before adding the Ligue 1 title in the 2012/13 season. Hide Caption 2 of 12 Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights In 2011, PSG was bought by Qatar Sports Investments which proved a catalyst for change in French football. An influx of money and new players started to threaten Sakho's place in the side as the club pursued its aspiration of dominating world football. Hide Caption 3 of 12 Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights A lack of game-time in France was behind his move to Liverpool in 2013. However, a string of injuries prevented Sakho from establishing himself in the side as Liverpool came close to clinching the English Premier League title in his first season at the club. Hide Caption 4 of 12 Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights Sakho was named in Didier Deschamps' France squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup. He made his World Cup debut in their opening game against Honduras before France were knocked out at the quarterfinal stage by eventual winners Germany. Hide Caption 5 of 12 Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights After starting the 2015/16 season on the bench, Sakho went on a run of form which helped established himself in Liverpool's starting line-up. However, in April 2016 the defender was found to have violated an anti-doping rule which resulted in a 30-day ban from world football. Hide Caption 6 of 12 Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights Despite UEFA dismissing the doping ban, a increasingly fractured relationship with Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp also became an issue and Sakho was sent home from a pre-season tour for being late to team meetings. Hide Caption 7 of 12 Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights That led to Sakho's eventual loan move to Crystal Palace in 2017. The switch was made permanent after a run of impressive performances. He went on to play a key role in helping the club avoid relegation. Hide Caption 8 of 12 Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights Sakho has now cemented himself in the Palace team and is eager to "give back" to the local community and he will join a mentoring group which looks to set a positive example to London youngsters. Hide Caption 9 of 12 Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights Sakho was part of the French squad for the games against Iceland and Germany. Hide Caption 10 of 12 Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights With his wife Magda, Sakho set up Association Mamadou Sakho (Amsak), which carries out charitable work in France, England and Africa. Hide Caption 11 of 12 Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights In another charitable initiative later this year, Pogba hopes to work with French internationals Blaise Matuidi (L) and Paul Pogba (C). Hide Caption 12 of 12

'When I'm someone one day, I will give back'

It's also clear that those early experiences and memories left an indelible mark on Sakho.

"I would say it helped me to have quite a good mentality, a strong mentality. It's why I always said to myself, when I'm someone one day, I will give back ... because I know what it is it not to eat before sleep for a few days. Though I always say I never talk about it because I'm proud."

Without football, Sakho's life could have been very different. He began playing with one of France's top clubs Paris Saint-Germain, quickly rising through the ranks of their youth teams. By the age of 21 he was club captain and, as a Parisian, a favorite of PSG's hardcore fans.

"I would say football helped me to change my family life. With football I learned to give back. To give a lot of pleasure. When I am on the pitch I give everything for the fans."

PSG was bought by Qatar Sports Investments in 2011 for $170 million as part of the kingdom's larger strategy to invest in global brands, whether in business, fashion, property or sport.

In 2013, PSG won the title for the first time in 19 years, but as the new owners bought a host of new players Sakho found himself increasingly sidelined under coach Carlo Ancelotti.

Sakho's wife Magda (L) is pictured at the World Cup in Brazil in 2014.

Move to England

So later that year Sakho joined Premier League side Liverpool. The Merseyside club came close to winning the Premier League title during the 2013/2014 campaign -- Sakho made 19 appearances -- but the following season he had a run-in with manager Brendan Rodgers after being dropped for the Merseyside Derby.

Rodgers was soon to be replaced by Jurgen Klopp, but in 2016 Sakho tested positive for a fat-burning substance -- higenamine -- in a sample taken after a Europa League match with Liverpool against Manchester United on March 17 of that year.

Sakho was provisionally suspended for 30 days and missed out on playing for Liverpool in the Europa League final and also representing France at Euro 2016.

European football's governing body UEFA subsequently revealed that the WADA-accredited laboratory in Lausanne did not test for the substance at all while Cologne, where the former Liverpool defender's sample was sent, did.

In July UEFA then ruled that it had "decided to dismiss the case against the player" in light of the evidence.

In 2016, while at Liverpool, Sakho tested positive for a fat-burning substance. UEFA later dismissed the case.

Although he was cleared of any wrongdoing, a strained relationship with Klopp, who sent the defender home from Liverpool's US pre-season tour, ultimately lead to Sakho's move to Crystal Palace.

"I have already made all my dreams," reflected Sakho. "My dream was to be a professional in PSG. Thank God I made it. I wanted to be captain in PSG. I made it. I wanted to win the first league with PSG. I did it.

"I played for the French national team. Thank God I did it, but I want to do it again, because it is my objective to."

Last season Crystal Palace lost their opening seven games but after the arrival of new manager Roy Hodgson, Sakho played a key role in helping the club avoiding relegation from the Premier League.

His form saw him put on stand-by by French coach Didier Deschamps for the 2018 World Cup in Russia and the Palace defender was also part of the Les Bleus squad for the recent games against Iceland and Germany.

JUST WATCHED Sordell: Footballers 'need to talk' about mental health Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sordell: Footballers 'need to talk' about mental health 03:22

Charity work

It was while playing for PSG, that Sakho and his wife, launched Amsak , which undertakes charitable work in France, England and Africa.

"So Amsak means Association Mamadou Sakho. I started my association when I was 18 or 19, when I was in PSG ... I think it's important to go in Africa and help people here in the UK.

"When I was in Liverpool [I] went to a few places, in a hospital to speak with the kids and to give what I could give."

"Like I said, we can all help ... before I had nothing, really nothing, and now everything is good. I work hard just to get what I can get and I try to give back.

"For me the most important thing is that I don't need people to say Mamadou Sakho is a good guy. I don't need that.

"If you only have salt to help someone with salt then do it. If you have enough money to build a city or a village then do it."

Sakho's latest charitable project will involve him mentoring young people in Okyere's South London barbershop.

While the choice of a barbershop has much to do with a shared desire to help young people, it also speaks to the uniqueness of the barber's chair -- there are very few spaces that all people, irrespective of wealth or affluence, share.

"When I first came here, when I came from PSG in France, I [started] with Liverpool, so I had to find a new barber in the UK," said Sakho.

"So after I came here in London, it was the same, it was the same job. I spoke to a few players to find who was the best barber here in London. A few of them told me Nikki was really good. So I called him and started to work with him."

Mamadou Sakho moved to Cyrstal Palace in 2017 and has looked to help the local community.

Over the last few years London has been hit by a knife crime epidemic. By September over 100 murders had taken place in the British capital during 2018. Three in five of those murders were stabbings, while a third of the victims were aged 16 to 24.

Sakho's mentoring message will be the importance of hard work.

"For me this is the key for success. Just to touch your dream you have to work hard. You can't just wake up and say I want to be a professional footballer or any other job."

Sakho's charitable work does not end there.

In April, Sakho tweeted, "Meeting friend with the same mindset is rare ... #FamousFriendsProject #BeReady #Amsak" alongside a picture of Manchester United player Paul Pogba.

Although reluctant to divulge too much about the upcoming project, Sakho suggested that it would unite the worlds of sport and music.

"It's coming from December. Yes it's true, with Pogba, a few footballers and a few singers. Two or three names but Pogba, Blaise Matuidi, Tinie Tempah. We have Omar Sy, a big actor in France. We have quite a few people, DJ Snake."

"It will be good things for Amsak and the only objective is to help people and start to build one orphanage."
Postive Score61.21495327102804
Negative Score8200.467289719625


London (CNN) With the Seattle Seahawks and Oakland Raiders struggling mightily five games into this NFL season, a 10-hour flight to Europe was bound to be a welcome change for one team and a nightmare for the other.

Such is life at the NFL London Games.

Seattle, it turns out, will take home fond memories of Britain, while the Raiders will try and regroup.

Thanks to a stingy defense which sacked Derek Carr six times and three touchdown passes from Russell Wilson, the Seahawks put away the Raiders 27-3 on Sunday night at Wembley Stadium. The win lifts the Seahawks to a respectable 3-3 record and back in the playoff hunt.

"It's terrible to lose," Raiders rookie defensive tackle Maurice Hurst told CNN Sport after the game, "it's a tough flight home."

Oakland Raiders wait in the tunnel ahead of the NFL International series match against the Seattle Seahawks.

Different paths

Before the game Seattle coach Pete Carroll was all about business -- and was aware of the sprawling city's geography.

"How is London?" a member of the press asked on Friday, at the team's facility in Watford, just outside London. "I have no idea," he said. "I've not been anywhere near it."

The 1-5 Raiders, meanwhile, will play the rest of their season mostly as a feeling-out process for coach John Gruden's second stint in Oakland.

Perhaps sensing the gravity of his trip, Gruden was a little more comical about the two NFL teams based furthest from London competing on foreign soil.

"It was a great flight, I have these great flat beds, I got to sleep next to (cornerback) Daryl Worley and (linebacker) Emmanuel Lamur," he laughed. "I really enjoyed it."

The Oakland Raiders cheerleaders -- "The Raiderettes" -- look on ahead of the game against the Seattle Seahawks.

Derek Carr of the Oakland Raiders was sacked half a dozen times.

Gruden -- who took a 10-year break from coaching before his comeback this season -- also expanded on his love for the Rolling Stones (he has seen them live seven times) and that Rodger Moore is his favorite James Bond.

"He was as cool as cool gets," he said.

Raiders linebacker Tahir Whitehead was making his third visit to London, after a win and a loss in London as a member of the Detroit Lions, and was a big proponent of the league's international games, which include yearly visits to Mexico.

"it's a good feeling to know the sport in and of itself is growing and I enjoy it, it feels good," he said of Wembley's tradition of fans dressing in the jerseys of their favorite teams and players, regardless of whether they are playing that day.

"It's definitely grown, it's grown a great deal," he said. "The more we continue to travel and play in different places like here, the bigger the game is going to get."

Growing pains

The opposite trajectories post-London are nothing new in the NFL.

Sunday's match -- played in wet conditions at Wembley Stadium represented the 22nd regular season matchup under the NFL London Games banner.

Partly because their timing approaches the season's midpoint, and partially because teams are granted the following week off to rest, the London games have often proved pivotal for team's fortunes.

The inaugural meeting took place in 2007 when the New York Giants beat the "home team" Miami Dolphins in an ugly 13-10 game played on a muddy field in Wembley.

JUST WATCHED NFL players guess "Is it American or British?" Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH NFL players guess "Is it American or British?" 01:52

That Giants team went on to beat the perfect 18-0 New England Patriots in the Super Bowl. The Dolphins finished 1-15.

In their return to London in 2016, the 3-3 Giants beat the 3-3 Los Angeles Rams, who had only just adjusted to moving from St. Louis back to their original city. The playoff-bound Giants would finish the season 11-5 while the Rams won just one more game in their 4-12 campaign.

London would prove fortuitous for the Rams last year, after beating the Arizona Cardinals 33-0 at Twickenham Stadium. The Rams went on to finish the year 11-5 before losing in the first round of the playoffs.

All four winners of the 2017 London Games would in fact make the playoffs. Minnesota beat the Cleveland Browns, on their way to another 0-16 season. While New Orleans blanked the Dolphins 20-0.

Last year the Jacksonville Jaguars finally turned the corner on several disappointing seasons, pounding the Baltimore Ravens 44-7 on their way to the AFC Championship Game.

If London does have a home team, it is certain to be the Jaguars, whose owner Shahid Khan is still waiting to hear back on his bid to buy Wembley and who are committed to playing in the capital for another two seasons.

After next week's game between the Tennessee Titans and Los Angeles Chargers, the Jaguars will be back in London to play the defending champion Philadelphia Eagles at Wembley.

If history is anything to go by, the winner will have something to look forward to back home.
Postive Score62.301587301587304
Negative Score9400.396825396825


Ian Bremmer is president of Eurasia Group and GZERO Media. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his own.

Leave aside the particulars of this month's Brexit drama — Theresa May's dance moves, Boris Johnson's attacks on May's plan, and the latest warnings from European capitals — it's time to brace for Brexit. Let's focus on the few geopolitical certainties we know will follow the UK's exit from the European Union, on whatever terms it comes.

Start across the Atlantic. Brexit won't do the "special relationship" between the US and Europe any favors. An EU without the UK is a much weaker partner for Washington when US-EU interests align and a much weaker foil when those interests collide.

Yes, many of the issues currently dividing the US from Europe have been a long time coming — differences over Russia policy, NATO funding and Middle East adventurism have strained US-European relations before. But Brexit undermines the transatlantic alliance across the board because Brexit challenges will divert Brussels' overall energy and attention away from working with Washington to help bridge their divides.

JUST WATCHED What's at stake if a Brexit deal falls through Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What's at stake if a Brexit deal falls through 01:07

The UK will be weaker, as well, in a post-Brexit world. It will need its partnership with the US more than ever, especially as London's standing as a global banking center diminishes. If there's one person who understands leverage, it's US President Donald Trump, who will have a lot more negotiating leverage with the UK when it comes time to negotiate a one-on-one trade deal.

This contrasts directly with the economic message that "Leave" campaigners pushed in the runup to the Brexit referendum in June 2016. According to the Brexiteers, a UK unshackled from Brussels would give Downing Street more freedom to pursue new commercial ties with a broadly diversified set of partners, including rising China.

Read More
Postive Score61.13207547169811
Negative Score10200.377358490567


London (CNN Business) 1. Sears declares bankruptcy: Retail chain Sears filed for bankruptcy in the early hours of Monday.

The 132-year old company has been struggling with debt for several years. The final straw was a $134 million payment due Monday that it could not afford.

Sears Holdings ( SHLD ), the company which owns Sears and Kmart, is among dozens of prominent retailers to declare bankruptcy in the era of Amazon ( AMZN ).

The company said it intends to stay in business, keeping stores which are profitable open, along with the Sears and Kmart online shopping sites.

But it is looking for a buyer for many of its remaining stores and will shutter at least 142 stores near the end of this year, on top of 46 that are due to close next month. The stock is down 89% so far this year.
Postive Score60.966542750929364
Negative Score10400.371747211897


Editor's Note — CNN's Richard Quest reported live from the world's longest nonstop flight from Singapore to New York on October 11-12.

On board flight SQ22 (CNN) — Singapore Airlines' record-breaking inaugural world's longest passenger flight from Singapore to New York has landed after more than 17 hours in the air.

During this 16,700 kilometer journey into the history books, I've been on board live reporting my experiences.

Read on for the full hour-by-hour account of what it has been like to fly in a brand-new super-efficient Airbus A350-900URL, one of a new breed of aircraft that will shape the future of long haul travel.

WE'VE LANDED:

SQ22 has arrived at Newark Liberty International Airport. It's taken us 17 hours and 25 minutes, give or take. Welcome to New York!

Hour 16-17:

Time to buckle up. We're heading toward final approach.

The captain tells us we're near the top of our descent.

Here's photo taken shortly before the cabin was prepared for arrival. The crew still looks as glamorous as when we took off.

What little or no sleep to Newark looks like. Richard Quest/CNN

I've been taking questions live via LINE

Here's a few of the Q&As:

Q: Tony: How does it compare with the Dreamliner 787?

A: This is a much larger aircraft than the Dreamliner. We only have 161 passengers because of distance and economics. So there's no economy class at the back. Normally a plane like this would be carrying upwards of 320 passengers because there'd be a large economy class.

Both the Boeing 787 and Airbus A350 are largely made of composites not metal. They both have new engines that give greater fuel performance.

To me the 787 always feels like a sports car -- it's smaller and niftier. The A350 feels more like a grand touring car. Lots of room for everything and a comfy ride too. Both planes are exceptional.

How to tell the difference? Look at the cockpit windows. The 787 has four separate windows and looks very space age. The A350 has connected windows wrapped in black looking like a pair of sexy sunglasses. You can't mistake the two.

Same with the wing tip. The 787 has a sporty swept back wing while the A350 has a blended winglet that twists at the end. You can't mistake either aircraft.

One other difference. The engine nacelles on the 787 have chevrons on the back for better noise prevention and fuel efficiency.

The Airbus A350 wing tip. Richard Quest/CNN

Boeing 787 wing tip. CNN/Richard Quest

Q: Arya asks: Any complaints so far?

A: Arya, this is Singapore airlines -- they work harder than just about any other airline to perfect the experience.

The flight has run incredibly smoothly. Food and drink available throughout. The bed - well I still find it a bit strange sleeping on an angle -- but Singapore has had that arrangement for years with their business beds

From quieter cabins to special wings, find out all you need to know about the 19-hour flight from Singapore to NY.

The staff are impeccable. It's extraordinary to see the level of attention to detail.

Even after 17 hours flying on 4 hours rest they have remained cheerful and helpful. I don't know quite how SQ manages to train them like that

The other global carriers frankly could do with stealing some of Singapore Airlines' techniques.

Q: Ryan asks: Have you noticed any differences in the cabin compared to other Singapore Airlines long haul planes?

A: Not any noticeable differences. The pillows and bedding are the same as other long flights. The menu has the new Canyon Ranch healthy options.

Q: Rizki asks: Is there any emergency plan if the plane needs more fuel?

A: I asked the Captain that very question. Firstly modern flight planning is ultra sophisticated. They know exactly what the winds and weather will be en route and plan accordingly for the weight of the aircraft.

And the experience shows that the Fuel usage is exactly what it's planned to be. That said as with all flights monitoring of fuel is crucial. And yes there are plenty of places where we could stop and refuel if suddenly we needed to.

Absent an unexpected fuel leak, the pilots would never allow a situation to develop that would create a fuel emergency.

Q: Kepa: How many meals do you have (including snacks)?

A: So I had the after takeoff meal (ok, I had all three options -- read below for my reviews). Then I had a late-night ice cream. A cup of hot chocolate with a biscuit before sleep one. The full meal with chicken rice after hour nine. A few dried mango slices from the snack cart and now I've just enjoyed a caffe latte with a few shortbread biscuits.

Quest Means Biscuits: "Caught me having another snack!" Richard Quest/CNN

I have slept for about three hours and now it's time to get up and change out of my pajamas.

Interestingly, Singapore Airlines only gives PJs in first class. Surprised they didn't make this flight an exception and provide sleep sweats.

Anyway. Dressed, teeth brushed and ready to answer your questions.

We are now over the Great Lakes crossing between Canada and the US.

Hour 13-15:

Snarfed down my meal. We are five hours from New York.

I am going to try to get a bit more sleep.

I am on "Quest Means Business" on Friday.

I'll be toast!

"Heading into the night. When we next see sunrise we'll have arrived in New York." Richard Quest

Hour 12:

Six hours to go and they have started serving the main meal in business class. Gotta say, I am finding their timings on meals strange.

They've woken the cabin to serve this. So when dinner is over, do you still want to sleep?

I'd have thought they'd do it closer to landing.

Dinner is served. (And it's far too early, if you ask Richard.) Richard Quest

On Qantas' Perth-London flight, the first meal was served 3-4 hours into the flight so people would sleep later and have a late meal before landing.

Their timings seemed to make more sense than the Singapore Airlines version.

The food and beverage manager of the world's longest flight tells CNN's Richard Quest how the crew decided the meal schedule.

Richard Neo, the food and beverage manager, explained that they played around with the meal timings on the SIN/SFO route, which is only slightly shorter.

Passenger preference was for a meal about eight hours after the first.

Related content Planes capable of ultra long-haul flights

I guess the difference with Qantas is that they serve the first meal later, thus pushing everything else later.

Interesting. I still think the Singapore Airlines way leads to less sleeping time.

Main course? Richard went with the chicken. Richard Quest/CNN

We have just passed over Anchorage, Alaska and there's a crying baby in business class.

Poor thing has been so good so far. And the mother doing her best to soothe.

Ah well.

Any business traveler will know we become obsessed by sleep on the road. The old adage is true: "Eat, sleep and pee when you can, not when you want to -- you never know when you'll get another chance!"

Hour 11:

Hennie Chin, the Singapore Airlines Lead Stewardess on the world's longest flight, explains to CNN's Richard Quest what sets the cabin of the Airbus A350-900ULR apart from other aircraft.

So, the cabin crew. There are 13 of them on board.

If the flight is under 19 hours, they get four hours rest. If it's over 19 hours then they are entitled to five hours rest which is taken in chunks of time they agree between themselves.

The cabin crew have bunk beds up in the roof space at the back of the plane. Yup.

There are sleeping in very comfortable beds above the passengers.

(Many airlines have explored opening that space up for passenger beds.)

Hennie Chin used to fly on the old A340-500 flight to New York. She told me preparation is the the secret to working this long, long flight.

Get lots of rest beforehand, exercise and stretch.

Richard and lead stewardess Hennie Chin. Richard Quest/CNN

This flight is twin-class business and premium economy. Premium economy is setup in a 2-4-2 configuration.

Let me show you around.

This seat has been on Singapore Airlines planes since 2013. Currently it's on the A350 and 777-300ER. (The A380 has a different seat.)

Richard's seat on Singapore Airlines' new A350-900ULR. Richard Quest/CNN

Lots of great storage space for "things" that always get lost:

Richard Quest/CNN

The chair doesn't slide out to make the bed. Instead you pull down the back of the seat and it makes a mattress bed:

Richard Quest/CNN

BUT when it's time to sleep, weirdly you lie at an angle:

Richard tries out his seat's odd-shaped bed. Richard Quest/CNN

Hour 10:

I have a confession. I am enjoying this.

We are just over halfway there, about 7.5 hours from New York.

This is the part of the journey where I have eaten, watched a movie, slept, talked and walked.

Slept a bit more -- and I still have the equivalent of crossing the Atlantic to do!

We are on top of the world, passing Russia off to the west and heading towards Alaska crossing the most northern part of the Pacific.

People are waking up, there will be a meal service in an hour or so.

Hour 8-9:

In about three hours, they'll be serving meal number two. Seems like now is a good time to get some sleep!

A pre-sleep treat on board. Richard Quest/CNN

Oh yes -- a nice cup of hot chocolate and a biscuit before bedtime.

Hour 7:

CNN's Richard Quest says there are hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of movies to choose from on the world's longest flight.

I'm refreshed from my 20-minute nap. I am going to do my main sleep at hour nine, so now it's time to watch a movie. KrisWorld [Singapore Air's inflight entertainment] has more than a thousand movies.

I am one of those sad people who has seen all the movies -- on planes. Boy, wasn't "Dunkirk" good on a 14-inch screen?

Airlines like Singapore Air put huge resources into their in-flight video. It's even more important on an ultra long flight.

Richard browses the in-flight entertainment options. Richard Quest/CNN

More US carriers are encouraging passengers to BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) and connect to the on-board server to watch blockbusters.

As one CEO told me, "our passengers have modern screens they change every few years... all I have to do is provide the content!"

My problem is, usually nothing is what I want to watch. So I end up binging on "Downton" or "The Crown." Again.

Not tonight, though! I am going to watch "Ocean's 8."

P.S. Has anyone ever understood what is happening in a Bourne movie?

Hour 5-6:

So, now, the big question -- when to sleep?

Related content How to cope with jet lag

We have 12 hours still to run and we are now scheduled to land at 5:12 AM EST. I always try to set my watch and mentality to the time zone where I am headed.

I should really try not to sleep for another three hours at least. That won't be easy -- I haven't been to sleep yet, and it's really 5 AM for me. Can I stay awake another three hours? I must!

The plane in total darkness. Richard Quest/CNN

Everyone around me is asleep. They'll wake up in a few hours with six hours still to go and will land in NY exhausted.

If -- IF -- I can start my sleep in two or three hours, I can get a good six hours' rest.

Richard Quest demonstrates anti-jetlag spectacles Richard Quest/CNN

I have battled jet lag remedies for years. As this article shows , the best you can do is mitigate the effect.

This teddy is here to keep us company. Richard Quest/CNN

A gentle snooze as we pass Tokyo. Pretty sure Teddy and I are the only ones still awake on this plane ... and hopefully one of the four pilots!

Hour 3-4:

The food and beverage manager of the world's longest flight tells CNN's Richard Quest how the crew decided the meal schedule.

It's food time. It'll come as no surprise that there's plenty of it. The aircraft is stuffed with food and beverages.

Beef or fish or dumplings? Or, if you're Quest, all three. Richard Quest/CNN

The first meal in business is called "after take off." It's a two course meal served on airline trays.

Singapore Airlines FLight SQ22's business class dinner menu. Richard Quest/CNN

I tried all the main courses:

The good: Lobster dumplings. Richard Quest/CNN

Steamed Lobster dumplings in superior soup. The soup was indeed superior and the dumplings very tasty. A good choice.

The strange: Pan-seared snapper. Richard Quest/CNN

The snapper was a bit dry and the combinations seemed weird.

The really good: Beef with noodles. Richard Quest/CNN

Beef Hor Fun. Chinese style wok-fried rice noodles with beef and gravy. This was the winner -- very tasty.

Singapore Airlines' manager for food and beverages, Richard Neo, is on board the flight.

He told me the airline has lots of experience in running ultra long range flights. I know from my experiences recording CNN's Business Traveller show, the tricky bit is making food that holds its flavor after being quick chilled after cooking.

More than 500 meals will be served on this flight to the 161 passengers. The next feeding will be in about five hours. (There are noodles and loads of snacks, God forbid I get peckish in the meantime.)

Next update shortly, but you can also check out my Instagram feed @questinny

Hour 2:

Let's talk about the navigation and the route this flight takes.

Singapore and New York are on opposite sides of the world. Today we're taking the NOPAC North Pacific route, which sends us up over the South China Sea, passing China and Russia.

We'll crossing the northern Pacific -- where it becomes the Bering Sea -- before making landfall over Alaska, northern Canada and into New York.

There are also four Polar routes that can be taken -- mainly between May and August.

The route that crosses the Atlantic is only used for the return leg from Newark because of the strong headwinds the outbound would face.

The route we take is ultimately determined by the wind's strength and direction. Also the availability of altitude and tracks across the oceans.

Hence tonight we are taking the NOPAC route, to the east of the North Pole.

Next update: FOOD! Lots to eat on board.

Hour 1:

The captain of the world's longest flight, SL Leong, tells CNN's Richard Quest just how much runway the flight used on takeoff and how things are going so far.

I've just had a conversation with the commander in charge of the flight, Captain S L Leong. He's been telling me how the flight crew manages to pilot a plane for more than 18 hours.

There are two teams, each with a captain and first officer, that share the flying.

The first team handles take off, then rests for up to five hours while the second team flies the plane.

Then they change again for three hours -- one team flying and the other sleeping.

The original captain then lands the plane.

Managing crew rest is one of the great challenges with these ultra long haul flights.

The captain told me the aircraft weighed 272 metric tons on takeoff, just eight shy of its 280 ton maximum take off weight.

We had 101 tons of fuel on board at take off. The captain expects to burn about seven tons an hour in the early part of the flight (we are carrying fuel just to carry the rest of the fuel)

Because of very strong tail winds, this inaugural flight will take around 17 hours and 25 minutes. Of course that means the return flight to Singapore will face strong head winds and that flight could take up to 19 hours.

Singapore Airlines' inflight tracker shows weather conditions en route. Richard Quest/CNN

Take off:

We're in the air, pushing back from the gate bang on time at 11.35 p.m. Singapore time and taking off 25 minutes later. Ahead of us lies nearly 19 hours of nonstop flying time.

The takeoff was extremely smooth despite the rainy evening in Singapore. The brand-new Airbus A350-900ULR's twin Rolls Royce Trent XWB engines, which can generate up to 97,000 pounds of thrust, worked perfectly.

I've already slipped into something more comfortable.

What to wear in the air -- if you're Richard Quest. Richard Quest/CNN

So I plan to blog each hour through the flight -- except for a four-hour gap when we are in Wi-Fi blackout. Next update will be at the top of the hour when I'll give route and aircraft details. See you then.

An hour before take off:

We've boarded the flight via gate 8 at Changi.

There's something exciting about a new flight. A different destination, a new experience.

Even more so when it's the longest flight in the world. Singapore to New York... and the journey starts right now.

The welcoming committee as we prepare to enter the brand new Airbus A350-900ULR. Richard Quest/CNN

The story before boarding:

Spending nearly 19 hours cooped up in an airplane may sound nightmarish to some, but when Singapore Airlines flight SQ22 takes off from its home airport bound for New York, it's going to be a dream for others.

The record-breaking flight, involving a brand-new Airbus A350-900ULR (Ultra Long Range), will usher in a new era for air passengers and make the world just that bit smaller as it becomes the world's longest scheduled nonstop service.

For aviation fanatics like myself, it rarely gets more exciting.

I'm lucky enough to have a ticket for this inaugural flight and I'll be live-reporting my experiences as we depart from Singapore's Changi Airport, then fly northeast towards Alaska before landing in Newark Liberty International Airport, just outside of New York.

Take off is scheduled ftor 11:35 p.m. Singapore time (11:35 a.m. in New York, 4:35 p.m. in London) on Thursday October 11 and, all being well, we'll be wheels-down on the other side of the planet the following day, Friday at 6 a.m. in New York (11:00 a.m. in London, 6 p.m. Singapore).

But what will it be like to spend more than 18 hours in the air? How does the human body cope? How do the cabin crew cope? How do the airplane's bathrooms cope?

I'll be charting my observations -- good and bad -- and those of my 160 fellow passengers as we make aviation history.

Keep checking this story for live updates as we travel the 16,700 kilometers (10,376 miles) to our destination.

In the meantime, you can read more about the super-efficient aircraft we'll be flying, and the journey we'll be taking, here

But first, a few words on what exactly is meant by the world's longest flight.

It seems so easy, but it isn't.

There are various ways to define it, with pedants arguing for hours over what it means.

Of course there is the distance flown. Then there's the duration of the flight. Sometimes strong head winds can mean a shorter distance takes longer and vice versa.

However, we're usually safe saying the longest flights are measured when the plane is flying the Great Circle Route: the shortest distance between two points on the globe.

For instance: flying from New York to London, the plane doesn't go straight out over the ocean because that would mean flying at the wider part of the Earth's circumference.

Rather, the plane heads north, making an arc past Canada, Greenland and Iceland, and down across Ireland into London.

With that in mind, these are the commonly accepted world's longest flights:

Singapore to New York

l e v a r t

Previously operated by Singapore Airlines using an Airbus A340-500, this flight took 18 hours to get to Newark.

It ended up being an all-business class flight. The A340-500 is a four-engine, heavy and thirsty aircraft. When fuel prices rose to more than $100 per barrel, this flight stopped being profitable. (Remember: the longer the flight, the more fuel becomes a proportion of the cost!)

Related content The making of the airplane seats for the world's longest flight

By 2013 Singapore Airlines took advantage of an agreement to hand back the planes to Airbus, thereby ending the route.

Now, five years later, equipped with the more fuel-efficient A350-900 Ultra Long Haul, the airline can once again fly direct from Singapore to New York and make money.

From October 11, hands-down this will be, without controversy, the longest regularly scheduled nonstop commercial flight in the world.

Perth to London

Since 1947, the journey from Australia to London has been known as The Kangaroo Route. Back then, several hops were involved -- Sydney, Darwin, Singapore, Calcutta, Karachi, Cairo, Castel Benito, Rome, London -- and took some four days to complete.

And that was considered speedy.

Related content From 10 days to nonstop: How London to Australia flights have changed

This year Qantas did the run all in one long hop, when a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner made the journey in just over 17 hours.

There have been other aircraft capable of this distance, like the Boeing 777-200LR, Airbus A380 and A340-500, but they are heavier planes with more seats than required. It would have been difficult to make money on this "long thin route."

Other flights in the top 10

Qantas' Sydney-Dallas using the A380, Qatar's Doha-Auckland, Emirates' Dubai-Auckland, United Airlines running San Francisco-Singapore with a 787-9.

The return of Singapore-New York will put an end to all the rivalry, at least for the moment.

By connecting these two commercial centers on opposite sides of the world, the flight is probably the final long-distance route an airline can conceive to run and remain commercially viable.

Until Qantas' Project Sunrise comes to fruition.

The Aussie carrier has tasked both Airbus and Boeing to develop long-range aircraft capable of flying 17,000 kilometers nonstop from Sydney to London. Qantas hopes to order the revamped planes by 2019 with flights beginning in 2022.

That journey, if it happens, will clock in at around 20 hours, earning world's longest honors.

The REAL longest flight

Boeing's 777-200LR Worldliner complete's its record-breaking flight in 2005. ODD ANDERSEN/AFP/Getty Images

Oh, did I say that these were the longest flights?

Because the actual longest flight, according to Guinness World Records, was a 22-hour and 42-minute flight in 2005, from Hong Kong to London.

Boeing was demonstrating the capabilities of its 777-200LR -- nicknamed the Worldliner -- so the flight went the long way round.

I was one of only 30 passengers on board -- Boeing was required to have some paying passengers to meet the criteria for beating the record.

During the nearly day-long trip, we played games, exercised, chatted with the eight pilots on board and slept on mattresses laid out at the back where the seats had been removed.

The flight took off from Hong Kong, crossed the Pacific, making landfall around Los Angeles.

From there, we flew across the United States, crossing over New York's JFK Airport before heading out over the Atlantic and landing in London to a water-cannon salute.
Postive Score65.05376344086021
Negative Score12900.268817204302


The airline has scheduled its first Pride Flight to transport British revelers from London to New York in style.

The one-off flight is as much a celebration of queer culture as it is a mode of transport. Broadway star Tituss Burgess, known for his role in Netflix show "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt," will oversee proceedings and the six-hour flight will be packed full of live performances and appearances from special guests.

The flight will be entirely staffed by LGBT pilots and cabin crew.

Celebrations in the air

Virgin Atlantic is planning its first Pride Flight, hosted by Netflix star Tituss Burgess. Courtesy Virgin Atlantic

Once you're on board, it'll be a blast -- entertainment will include a DJ, Judy Garland singalong, on-board speed dating and Drag Queen Bingo.

All the celebrations will be overseen by Burgess in his inimitable style.

"At a time when we're seeing the rights of minority groups under threat, it is more important than ever we stand up and make our voices heard," says Burgess.

"The LGBT community has made enormous strides over the last 50 years, and I'm so proud to partner with Virgin Holidays and Virgin Atlantic to mark this occasion in style and celebrate the hard-won freedoms from those who came before us."

Pride celebrations across the world often take place in June, officially designated Pride Month , in commemoration of the June 1969 Stonewall uprising, often seen as a turning point in the fight for LBGT rights.

The flight will be staffed by LGBT pilots and cabin crew. Courtesy Virgin Atlantic

Next year will mark the 50th anniversary of this historic event and New York City is planning a joint Stonewall 50/WorldPride event. Officials reckon the celebrations will attract visitors from around the world.

"As a City founded on diversity, inclusivity and a welcoming spirit, we're extremely pleased to host World Pride 2019 -- the first time the big event will be held in the United States, while at the same time marking the 50th anniversary of the Stonewall Uprising," says Fred Dixon, President and CEO of NYC & Company -- the city's official marketing organization.

"Through our partnership with Virgin Atlantic and Virgin Holidays we're delighted to invite UK LGBTQ travelers and allies to New York City to be a part of these historic events, expected to draw more than 3 million visitors and be one of the largest LGBTQ events in history."

Related content World's best airlines for 2018 announced by Skytrax

Past pride

l e v a r t

Other major airlines, including Delta Air Lines and United, have also had an active presence at Pride Parades. This year, a graphic T-shirt United Airlines produced for 2018 Pride, depicting airplanes flying with streaming rainbow colors, was a runaway hit.

United and Delta were also listed in Human Rights Campaign's (HRC) 2018 list of the " Best Places To Work" in the airline industry for LGBT employees. Also mentioned were Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, JetBlue and Southwest Airlines.

In the past, Virgin Atlantic has sponsored Pride in London and employees in uniforms have marched in Pride Parades. The airline also became the first company in India to feature a LGBT couple in its advertising earlier in 2018.

"We take our commitments to diversity and inclusion seriously, but you can rest assured we have a lot of fun along the way. This is going to be a show-stopping, ground-breaking, one-of-a-kind experience that we can't wait to bring to the skies next June," says Mark Anderson, Global LGBT Lead for Virgin Group and Executive Vice President at Virgin Atlantic.

The flight will depart from London Heathrow to NYC's Newark airport on Friday June 28, 2019 -- with a flexible return date on offer -- and you can grab an Economy Light ticket from £380 ($500). There's also the option to buy a three-night Virgin Holidays package from £699 ($920).
Postive Score65.625
Negative Score13100.260416666666


(CNN) — If you've been frequenting the sandy beaches along the rugged, Welsh Pembrokeshire Coast in Britain, you might have noticed some mysterious shapes appearing in the sand.

These intricate murals are beach-based works of art created by local sand muralist Marc Treanor.

Inspired by crop circles, the enigmatic formations that occasionally appear in corn and wheat fields, Treanor forges stunningly intricate patterns and pictures by raking wet sand.

When he's done, Treanor watches as his hard work is consumed by the crashing waves, but he says that's all part of the experience.

"It's completely part of it, it's totally integral to the work and the fact it is impermanent and it is temporary," Treanor tells CNN Travel.

That said, he usually has chance to capture his creations on camera for posterity.

Three stage process

Hexagon art, Whitesands beach, Pembrokeshire, Wales Courtesy Marc Treanor

Treanor says there are three key steps to creating the perfect sand mural.

Phase 1: sketching out the pattern at home, on paper.

Phase 2: Heading down to the beach, rake in hand, and getting started on the creation process.

That can be quite intimidating, he says.

"Many times I'm just looking at the beach thinking 'I don't know where I am, I don't know I'm doing,'" he laughs. But once he's got over that hurdle, he starts digging and creating the mural.

When the raking's complete, it's time for the most magical part, phase 3:

Sand art at Traeth Llyfn beach, Pembrokeshire, Wales Courtesy Marc Treanor

Related content 25 of the best places to visit in the UK

"This is the sort of contemplative side, so ideally there's a nice viewpoint and whoever's been involved, we can all go up to the clifftop and gaze down upon the beach and watch the creation being reabsorbed by the sea," says Treanor.

From one of Pembrokeshire's striking clifftops, Treanor and his team -- sometimes friends, sometimes strangers who've just happened to pass by -- watch as the art disappears.

Sometimes he doesn't even manage to photograph the mural -- one time, he realized too late he'd forgotten both his camera and his cell phone.

He let this realization wash over him.

"Actually it was quite nice just to let go of that need to preserve it and just let it exist for whatever time it exists for in real time," he says.

Related content Meet the 79-year-old man who lives alone on an Italian island

Forging connections

Creating the artwork with strangers is a bonding exercise. Pictured here: Chartres Labyrinth mural, Mwnt beach, Ceredigion, Wales Courtesy Marc Treanor

One of Treanor's most memorable creations was an intricate symbol created on the day of the UK General Election in 2015. A passerby helped him out and they shared a bond across political and ideological divisions.

Treanor and his friend were struggling to create the complex mural alone, when a stranger offered to help them. They started chatting as they raked -- and the newcomer said he worked as a bombmaker. Treanor couldn't hide his disapproval, but the group still worked together to create the resulting sand art.

"Then we finished the design and went up to the promenade in Tenby and looked down on it," recalls Treanor. "This guy was quite taken, you could tell that he was quite moved."

"We left him there, sitting, and me and my friend went to have some dinner, and about an hour and a half later we came out and he was still there, gazing down at the beach, by which stage the design had nearly gone. And I looked at my friend and I said 'I think his bomb-making days might be over.'"

Treanor created this artwork on Election Day in Britain in 2015 in Tenby, Pembrokeshire, Wales. Courtesy Marc Treanor

It's these unexpected encounters with others and unlikely connections that defines Treanor's work. You might think this work would be an isolated exercise, but in fact it's usually far from it.

"I'm a bit of a perfectionist and it can be very easy to try and push people away, because they're not going to do it how you want it to be done," admits Treanor.

But the sand artist says it really is more fulfilling when other people are involved too.

He recalls a recent moment when he was approached by a group of kids who wanted to help out.

"I had to try to find a way of them being involved and we did it [...] and it was really great," he says.

Related content Amazing lighthouses around the world

New frontiers

"Jessie" created on Newport Sands, Pembrokeshire Courtesy Marc Treanor

As Treanor's art continues to appear up and down the Welsh coast, he's finding he's increasingly being noticed and commissioned to do some exciting, different projects.

He's managed to recreate people's likeness in a couple of instances, he's been employed by local tourist agencies and he's even helped instigate a wedding proposal.

"It's just leading me in such interesting directions, I mean this year's been crazy busy, I've had twelve commissions," he says.

In the past, his jobs have included long distance lorry driving, gardening and selling medical equipment -- not to mention bringing up his children -- but now his sand art is turning into an unlikely full-time career.

Sand art close-up, Caerfai, Pembrokeshire, Wales Courtesy Marc Treanor

"This year I've worked with local councils here improving their tourism push, and I've worked for the European Environment Bureau, along with three other sand artists in Europe actually, and we all did this piece to do with bringing awareness to plastic pollution in the oceans," says Treanor -- who created a dramatic Poseidon rising from the ocean throwing a plastic bottle back to the land.

People living elsewhere might not realize there are sandy beaches scattered across, Britain -- it's not all shingle and rocks.

Nevertheless, as the seasons change as the weather worsens, the sand muralist is considering taking his artwork to beaches overseas.

"In the winter time I would love to start to travel a bit more and to work on beaches in warmer climates, or just in different countries, it would be really interesting to take this a bit further afield," he says.

He's daydreaming about sand in South Africa, the US west coast or Thailand -- but he's still got a soft spot for Wales.

Treanor is proud that his work helps to showcase the beauty of the Welsh coast -- and maybe even attract more people to visit this shoreline.
Postive Score66.43518518518519
Negative Score14400.231481481482



Postive Score66.43518518518519
Negative Score14400.231481481482



Postive Score66.43518518518519
Negative Score14400.231481481482


Written by Judith Vonberg, CNN London

Britain's Princess Eugenie has married Jack Brooksbank in Windsor's second royal wedding of the year.

The ceremony took place in St. George's Chapel , which also hosted the wedding of Harry and Meghan Markle, now the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, in May.

Eugenie stepped out in a dress designed by Peter Pilotto and Christopher De Vos , who founded the British-based label Peter Pilotto in 2007. It featured a low back designed at the request of the princess to reveal scars from a back operation she had as a child.

Pixie Geldof, British model, singer and third daughter of Irish singer-songwriter Bob Geldof and the late television presenter Paula Yates, was among the early arrivals at the chapel on a windy but sunny fall morning.

A wide variety of colors were on display, from autumnal maroons to pastel shades. Several women struggled to hold on to their hats as a strong wind whipped across the grounds of Windsor Castle.

Cara Delevingne Credit: Gareth Fuller/Pool via Reuters

Model and actress Cara Delevingne arrived at the castle in a suit and top hat, while actress Demi Moore selected a dark red dress by Stella McCartney. Moore was accompanied by American florist and perfumer Eric Buterbaugh, with whom she has been friends for many years.

Meghan, Duchess of Sussex Credit: Gareth Fuller/AP

American actress Liv Tyler, who arrived with Dave Gardner, chose a midnight tailored suit with midnight velvet pumps and a black velvet box clutch by Stella McCartney, a headdress by Stephen Jones and jewelry by Van Cleef & Arpels.

Naomi Campbell was seen wearing a metallic black ombré cocktail dress and cropped cape, featuring hand-woven silk tulle tweed by Ralph & Russo.

Robbie Williams, British singer and former member of pop group Take That, was spotted arriving at Windsor with his wife and fellow X-Factor judge Ayda Field. They have been friends of Eugenie and her sister Beatrice for years and their daughter Theodora is a bridesmaid at the ceremony.

British artist Tracy Emin, comedian and writer Stephen Fry, and singer Ellie Goulding also took their places in the chapel in the run-up to the ceremony, as did many members of the royal family, including the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.

The former Kate Middleton, now the Duchess of Cambridge, wore a long-sleeved red gown by Alexander McQueen.

Brooksbank works as a brand ambassador for Casamigos tequila, which was co-founded by actor George Clooney, property developer Mike Meldman and Rande Gerber, the entrepreneur husband of supermodel Cindy Crawford.

Eugenie, 28, is the younger daughter of Prince Andrew, Queen Elizabeth II's third child, and Sarah, Duchess of York. She is ninth in line to the throne and works as the director of the Hauser & Wirth art gallery in London.

While she has not attracted anything like the global attention bestowed upon her cousin Harry and his American bride, Eugenie's wedding is not a small, or cheap, affair.

More than 800 guests gathered in the Gothic chapel for the ceremony at 11 a.m. (6 a.m. ET), 200 more than were invited to watch the Duke and Duchess marry.

The Queen, Prince Philip and most of the royals were in attendance, with Eugenie's sister Beatrice taking on the role of maid of honor. Thomas Brooksbank, the groom's younger brother, was the best man.

The one notable absence was the Duchess of Cornwall, the wife of Prince Charles, who is attending a longstanding engagement at a Scottish school.

Prince George and Princess Charlotte -- the two oldest children of William and Catherine, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge -- both had official roles at the wedding. George, 5, who is third in line to the throne, was a page boy and his 3-year-old sister was one of six bridesmaids.

The Princess first met her fiancé on a ski trip near Verbier in the Swiss Alps. Brooksbank proposed during a vacation in Nicaragua last winter.

The wedding service featured a personal prayer by Archbishop of York John Sentamu, while David Conner, the Dean of Windsor, gave the address and officiated.

Opera singer Andrea Bocelli and members of the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra performed at the wedding, and a fanfare was played by trumpeters from the band of the Household Cavalry.

As the couple departed the chapel, the steps were lined with members of the Grenadier Guards. Prince Andrew, is a colonel with the guards.

The newlyweds then set off on a carriage procession through Windsor, though the route is far shorter than the one taken by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The cost of security -- an estimated $2 million -- is being borne by the taxpayer, which has raised concerns among republicans who note that the Princess does not carry out official royal duties on behalf of the Queen.

The Queen was due to host an afternoon reception in St. George's Hall, with more celebrations planned for the evening at Royal Lodge, the York family home in Windsor Great Park.
Postive Score66.14349775784754
Negative Score15000.224215246639


Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights Mamadou Sakho began his career at Paris Saint-Germain, progressing quickly through the club's academy to make his debut at just 17. The fiery defender proved an instant fan favourite and went on to captain his side at the age of 21. Hide Caption 1 of 12

Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights Sakho won a host of trophies at PSG. He opened his tally by helping to win the Coup de France in 2010, before adding the Ligue 1 title in the 2012/13 season. Hide Caption 2 of 12

Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights In 2011, PSG was bought by Qatar Sports Investments which proved a catalyst for change in French football. An influx of money and new players started to threaten Sakho's place in the side as the club pursued its aspiration of dominating world football. Hide Caption 3 of 12

Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights A lack of game-time in France was behind his move to Liverpool in 2013. However, a string of injuries prevented Sakho from establishing himself in the side as Liverpool came close to clinching the English Premier League title in his first season at the club. Hide Caption 4 of 12

Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights Sakho was named in Didier Deschamps' France squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup. He made his World Cup debut in their opening game against Honduras before France were knocked out at the quarterfinal stage by eventual winners Germany. Hide Caption 5 of 12

Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights After starting the 2015/16 season on the bench, Sakho went on a run of form which helped established himself in Liverpool's starting line-up. However, in April 2016 the defender was found to have violated an anti-doping rule which resulted in a 30-day ban from world football. Hide Caption 6 of 12

Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights Despite UEFA dismissing the doping ban, a increasingly fractured relationship with Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp also became an issue and Sakho was sent home from a pre-season tour for being late to team meetings. Hide Caption 7 of 12

Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights That led to Sakho's eventual loan move to Crystal Palace in 2017. The switch was made permanent after a run of impressive performances. He went on to play a key role in helping the club avoid relegation. Hide Caption 8 of 12

Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights Sakho has now cemented himself in the Palace team and is eager to "give back" to the local community and he will join a mentoring group which looks to set a positive example to London youngsters. Hide Caption 9 of 12

Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights Sakho was part of the French squad for the games against Iceland and Germany. Hide Caption 10 of 12

Photos: Mamadou Sakho: Career highlights With his wife Magda, Sakho set up Association Mamadou Sakho (Amsak), which carries out charitable work in France, England and Africa. Hide Caption 11 of 12
Postive Score66.88172043010752
Negative Score15300.21505376344


James Ball is an award-winning journalist and author who has worked for WikiLeaks, the Guardian, the Washington Post and BuzzFeed. The opinions in this article belong to the author.

(CNN) An online war is being waged all around us -- and citizens are caught in its crossfire.

Three recent incidents have revealed this usually hidden cyberwarfare at work. A joint statement from UK and Dutch authorities has revealed that four Russian GRU agents had been expelled from the Netherlands after they'd attempted to hack the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.

British Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt issued a statement on Thursday identifying Russian intelligence as the controlling body behind multiple cyberattacks by supposedly independent hacking groups.

Russia has declined to comment on the GRU's involvement and denied Hunt's accusations.

Separately, Bloomberg reported the existence of a tiny hardware chip that, according to government and corporate sources, had been inserted into servers used in top US companies -- and even the CIA -- giving China access to sensitive commercial and intelligence secrets.

For those of us simply trying to get through our normal day, this kind of news is alarming: Russia and China, in different ways, are exploiting the internet to distort our information economy, steal secrets and even disrupt operations and investigations.

This is a danger unique to the internet. It's easy to do things in secret, it's easy to compromise security and it's very easy to have plausible deniability -- making it look like an independent hacker, or even a different nation state, was behind an attack.

Russia and China -- though the latter tends to be far quieter and subtler -- might be among the most prolific hackers. North Korea and numerous other nations have similar operations. It's a cheap and highly effective form of information (and real) warfare.

JUST WATCHED The anatomy of Russia's hack of the DNC Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The anatomy of Russia's hack of the DNC 03:05

But this narrative leaves out the biggest and most aggressive plays in cyber warfare: the US and its close allies, including the UK, Canada, Australia and New Zealand (known as the Five Eyes alliance), plus Israel.

Perhaps the most notorious cyberattack in history was the worm known as Stuxnet -- an aggressive, self-spreading piece of code that, when installed on a system connected to Iranian nuclear centrifuges, would cause them to spin rapidly and erratically, until they exploded.

This was not some spying exercise: it caused explosions within nuclear enrichment sites and had the potential to kill anyone nearby. Furthermore, the attack was made so aggressive it spread to millions of machines around the world -- a real collateral risk and also the reason the attack was discovered.

But, according to a documentary by Oscar-winning director Alex Gibney, it was part of a much bigger offensive against Iran known as Nitro Zeus.

Nitro Zeus involved hacking into masses of Iran's military and -- alarmingly -- civilian infrastructure, including its power grid and transport infrastructure, giving the ability for widespread damage and chaos ahead of any potential war. Iran had, in effect, already been invaded, and didn't even know it.

We hear more about the online actions of our adversaries -- especially of Russia -- but there is a huge and constant online conflict, fueled by almost every nation state and with almost no rules of engagement.

Military actions in the real world are governed -- albeit far from perfectly -- by rules and by treaties, most notably the Laws of Armed Conflict.

There exists no equivalent in the online world, despite an obvious need for them. Early in the Obama administration, calls to develop such a code reached at least the desk of then-Defense Secretary Robert Gates. But the proposal went nowhere, perhaps in some part because the US didn't want to throw away its perceived online dominance.

The result is that we're all caught in the middle of a free-for-all that can only escalate as more and more critical systems move online.

Our governments and intelligence agencies are hopelessly conflicted. The same agencies in charge of securing the internet and our data are the ones also seeking to exploit those security standards in their offensive operations.

Russia is not the only country exploiting the confusing and often lawless nature of the internet -- they're just the clumsiest and least concerned about getting caught.

What we don't see should worry us far more than what gets caught and revealed. And until governments across the world rethink their current reckless online arms race, things can only get worse.
Postive Score64.11764705882354
Negative Score18200.19607843137


Jane Merrick is a British political journalist and former political editor of the Independent on Sunday newspaper. The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers.

(CNN) Given that her previous annual speech to members of her party was an unmitigated disaster for Theresa May, the bar for this year was pretty low.

The British Prime Minister wanted to show her Conservative Party -- and the country -- that there is more to her government than the tortuous Brexit negotations, with some optimism about the future.

Instead, she far exceeded their expectations, delighting members of Parliament and activists from the first minute: the normally rigid, awkward Prime Minister came onto the conference stage to ABBA's "Dancing Queen, " breaking out some moves as she approached the lectern.

The idea to open her speech this way -- making light of her stilted dances during a trip to South Africa in August -- was all hers.

Widely mocked for being robotic in persona and intransigent in policy, May decided to take ownership, self-deprecatingly, of her flaws. But it was also her opportunity to show the Conservative Party -- including her arch-critic Boris Johnson -- that she is still in charge of the Brexit process and has authority over her government.

It was a tough ask. Privately, her allies had been just hoping she would make it to the end of the speech, and the end of the four-day conference in Birmingham, without mishap -- which last year included a persistent cough, the set behind her falling apart and a stage invasion by someone handing her the British equivalent of a pink slip. It was that last incident that seemed, at the time, the most portentous -- foreshadowing her resignation over Brexit. Yet that resignation never came.

That is not to say the last year has been an easy one for May. It has been a turbulent 12 months, bookended by these two pivotal speeches.

Of course, May did not resign, but seven of her Cabinet ministers walked out, for various reasons.

Two of those resignations were potentially the most damaging, because they were in direct opposition to her so-called Chequers plan for withdrawal from the EU: Boris Johnson as foreign secretary and David Davis as Brexit secretary.

The work of her government has seemed stymied by Brexit. Negotiations with Brussels have been slow and difficult, forcing the PM to take personal charge of the talks this summer. Last month, she took her Chequers plan to a summit in Salzburg where it was rebuffed by fellow EU leaders.

JUST WATCHED Theresa May lets loose and dances Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Theresa May lets loose and dances 00:50

Though this was a serious blow to her credibility, the next day May came out fighting, demanding respect from the EU.

This lack of support has been much closer to home, too.

Since his resignation in July, Johnson has engaged in regular attacks against the Prime Minister over Brexit, most recently in a packed-out event at the conference on Tuesday, when his call to "chuck Chequers" was cheered by pro-Brexit Tory activists.

Yet despite rapturous applause for the former Foreign secretary, many of his fellow Conservative MPs saw this attempt to overshadow the PM as an act of disloyalty. Similarly, a Tory MP who lodged a letter calling for a vote of no confidence in the Prime Minister, minutes before May was due on stage, was dismissed by his colleagues as ill-timed and disloyal.

The Prime Minister had two main messages: one for her party and one for the country.

On the first, she made clear she would not change tack on Chequers, despite escalating calls from Brexiteer Tory MPs, and from remain supporters who want a second referendum. The result of the 2016 EU referendum must be honored and she would not shift on the issue of breaking up the United Kingdom -- something that would be under threat if the alternative plan floated by Johnson and other Brexiteers were agreed.

On the second, she tried to pitch to the center ground, appealing to voters who are disaffected by the opposition Labour leader's hard left-wing, anti-business policies. She pledged the Tories would be a "party for the whole country" that was "decent, moderate and patriotic."

Her performance was strong enough to see off her critics inside the Conservative Party -- for now. Yet in a week's time, the next round of Brexit negotiations between the UK and Brussels takes place at which there is supposed to be significant progress made towards a deal.

During her party conference, which was being watched closely by EU chiefs back in Brussels, there were reports that the UK might agree to stay in the customs union beyond the end of the Brexit transition phase at the end of 2020. If that is on the cards, May did not make mention of it in her speech -- presumably to keep her party inside the hall onside. Yet the UK will need to make concessions to break the deadlock on Brexit next week.

The Prime Minister has survived her toughest year so far -- but an even tougher one lies ahead.
Postive Score61.67557932263814
Negative Score21400.17825311943


London (CNN) Young British people are drinking less alcohol than a decade ago, with abstinence becoming "mainstream" among teenagers and young adults, a new study reveals.

Researchers found that 29% of 16- to 24-year olds were non-drinkers in 2015, up from 18% in 2005.

Half of people in that age group said they had not had a drink in the past week, compared to 35% a decade earlier, according to the study published Wednesday.

And while young people are still the most likely to binge drink, rates of binge drinking -- defined as drinking twice the recommended daily limits -- fell from 27% to 18%.

The team at University College London analyzed data on almost 10,000 young people who had been interviewed about their drinking habits in the annual Health Survey for England between 2005 and 2015.
Postive Score61.52482269503546
Negative Score21600.177304964538


San Francisco (CNN Business) Google is still considering whether to launch a censored version of its search product in China, CEO Sundar Pichai said Monday.

"It's very early. We don't know whether we could or would do this in China, but we felt it was important for us to explore," Pichai said at the Wired25 conference in San Francisco.

The company publicly confirmed the existence of the controversial project during a Senate committee hearing in late September. Codenamed "Dragonfly" within Google ( GOOGL ), the project was first revealed by The Intercept in August. Google had been working on the project in secret, but after the reports about its existence emerged, more than 1,000 Google employees signed a letter asking for more transparency, according to a New York Times report.

On Monday, Pichai described Dragonfly as an exploratory internal project. He said the company's absence in China — a country with 20% of the world's population — weighed heavily on Google, which has a mission to bring information "to everyone."

"We wanted to learn what it would look like if Google were in China," Pichai said. "So that's what we built internally. If Google were to operate in China, what would it look like?"

Read More
Postive Score61.443661971830984
Negative Score21800.17605633803


New York (CNN Business) Paul Allen, the billionaire co-founder of Microsoft, died Monday. He was an investor, entrepreneur and philanthropist who influenced many aspects of modern life — from technology and science to sports and music.

Allen was 65, his investment firm Vulcan said in a statement announcing his death. He died in Seattle from complications related to non-Hodgkin's lymphoma two weeks after Allen said he was being treated for the disease.

Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, like the less-common Hodgkin's disease, is a cancer of the lymphatic system.

"My brother was a remarkable individual on every level," Allen's sister, Jody Allen, said in a statement on behalf of his family. "He was a much loved brother and uncle, and an exceptional friend."

Allen founded Microsoft ( MSFT ) with Bill Gates in 1975, several years after the two met as fellow students at a private school in Seattle. Allen left the company in 1982 after he was diagnosed with Hodgkin's disease.

"I am heartbroken by the passing of one of my oldest and dearest friends, Paul Allen," Microsoft founder Bill Gates said in a statement Monday. "Paul was a true partner and dear friend. Personal computing would not have existed without him."

"As co-founder of Microsoft, in his own quiet and persistent way, he created magical products, experiences and institutions, and in doing so, he changed the world," Nadella added.

Paul Allen in New York, Oct. 15, 2015. Joshua Bright/The New York Times

Allen didn't slow down after leaving Microsoft. He stayed on the company's board of directors for several years while establishing his own philanthropic foundation, along with Vulcan, his investment firm.

He bought two professional sports teams: the NBA's Portland Trail Blazers and the NFL's Seattle Seahawks. He was involved with both until his death.

"Paul Allen was the ultimate trail blazer," NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said in a statement, adding that Allen was one of the league's longest-tenured owners. "He was a valued voice who challenged assumptions and conventional wisdom."

NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell called him the "driving force" behind keeping the NFL in the Pacific Northwest. In a statement, Goodell said Allen "worked tirelessly alongside our medical advisers to identify new ways to make the game safer and protect our players from unnecessary risk."

Friends, family and other admirers also praised Allen for his significant philanthropic contributions.

The technologist, who Forbes says was worth $20.3 billion at the time of his death, donated more than $2 billion to charity. He also founded several organizations, including the space transportation company Stratolaunch, the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence and another Allen Institute that focuses on bioscience. Vulcan, which he founded, managed his business and philanthropic interests.

So sad to hear about the passing of Paul Allen. Among many other things he was a pioneer of commercial space travel. We shared a belief that by exploring space in new ways we can improve life on Earth. All our thoughts are with his loved ones. — Richard Branson (@richardbranson) October 15, 2018

"We shared a belief that by exploring space in new ways we can improve life on Earth," said Virgin Group founder and CEO Richard Branson.

"All of us who had the honor of working with Paul feel inexpressible loss today." said Vulcan CEO Bill Hilf. "Today we mourn our boss, mentor and friend whose 65 years were too short — and acknowledge the honor it has been to work alongside someone whose life transformed the world."

Actor Leonardo DiCaprio, who worked with Allen on shark conservation, shared his condolences via Twitter

"Sad to hear of the passing of Paul Allen, who was a strong advocate for environmental protection," DiCaprio said. "His legacy lives on via his incredible work as a philanthropist and investor."

Allen was also known for his love of music. In a 2013 interview with Guitar Player , Allen recalled how listening to "Are You Experienced" by the Jimi Hendrix Experience prompted him to start playing guitar.

"That was a life-changing moment," he told the publication. "I think I was 14 when I heard it. That was just music from another planet."

In 1995, Allen even loaned money to Hendrix's family during a legal battle to regain rights to the guitarist's image and music, The Washington Post reported . He also funded a $100 million museum for music and pop culture in Seattle, now called the Museum of Pop Culture.

Musician and music producer Quincy Jones mourned Allen's death Monday evening, called him a "dear friend" and "killer guitar player."

In his later years, Paul Allen took up a number of other projects -— from the charitable to the adventurous.

Allen was still finding other ways to leave his mark on the world this year. A team of explorers led by him discovered wreckage in March from the USS Juneau, a World War II cruiser sunk by a Japanese torpedo in 1942.

His efforts to build the world's largest plane were also recently profiled by Paul Levy, an editor at large at Wired Magazine. Speaking at the WIRED25 conference in San Francisco on Monday, Levy praised Allen's accomplishments and said he would leave a mark.

"He and his partner Bill Gates [were] instrumental in pushing the needle and helping make all the things happen that we're talking about today," Levy said. "His imprint will be on all of us."

RIP Paul. You were a good man and will be missed. Rock and Roll Heaven just got a lot better https://t.co/bOSmF5Dcqi — Mark Cuban (@mcuban) October 15, 2018

Mark Cuban, the billionaire entrepreneur and owner of the Dallas Mavericks, also tweeted his condolences.

"You were a good man and will be missed," Cuban said. "Rock and Roll Heaven just got a lot better."
Postive Score62.23316912972086
Negative Score22900.16420361248


(CNN Business) Forty-five years ago, Saudi Arabia and its allies cut off oil supplies to the United States over its support for Israel. Oil prices quadrupled, delivering a huge shock to the global economy.

Now the kingdom is facing threats of punishment over the unexplained disappearance of a Washington Post journalist, Jamal Khashoggi, and is talking of retaliation if America imposes sanctions. A leading Saudi commentator has even hinted that oil could once again be used as a weapon.

Writing in a personal capacity, Turki Aldakhil, general manager of the Saudi-owned Al-Arabiya news channel, warned on Sunday that the United States would "stab its own economy to death" and oil prices would soar to $200 a barrel if Washington imposes sanctions on Riyadh.

Oil prices were flat on Monday, suggesting markets have for now dismissed the risk that Saudi Arabia could restrict supplies. Speaking in India, Saudi energy minister Khalid al-Falih said Monday that the kingdom would continue to act as "the central bank of the oil market" to keep supply and demand in balance, according to media reports.

But if the crisis over Khashoggi escalates, that commitment could crumble, say oil experts.

A rhetorical threat to withhold additional supplies "could certainly exert some upward pressure on prices," said Helima Croft, global head of commodity strategy at RBC Capital Markets.

And the kingdom could go further, by "slow-walking" output increases to make up for reduced Iranian supplies when US sanctions take effect next month, Croft added.

Filling the gap left by Iran

Saudi Arabia pumps around 10.5 million barrels of oil a day, according to OPEC data. It has previously said it is willing, along with Russia, to fill the gap created by the return of sanctions on Iran.

"We expect Iran's crude production to decline by nearly 1 million barrels per day," said Bjørnar Tonhaugen, head of oil market research at Rystad Energy. "Saudi Arabia is the only country that has spare production capacity ... to compensate for such losses."

World oil markets have been transformed by a doubling in American output over the past decade. For the first time since 1973, the United States is the world's largest producer of crude oil , according to preliminary estimates published last month.

Saudi Arabia's oil exports to the US have fallen in recent years but it remains the second biggest foreign supplier.

As a result, America is far less dependent on Saudi oil that it once was. In 2017, the United States imported 9% of its oil from the kingdom, according to the US Energy Information Administration. Imports from Saudi Arabia have almost halved over 25 years.

But the world, and the US still needs Saudi oil. While US imports of Saudi oil have declined, the kingdom remains the No. 2 source of foreign oil in the United States, behind only Canada.

Boom, then bust?

Any move by the Saudis to cut supply would push up global prices, hitting drivers in their pockets and further forcing up inflation that already threatens to take the shine off America's economy.

JUST WATCHED Saudi crown prince's economic vision is unraveling Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Saudi crown prince's economic vision is unraveling 02:34

Such an oil shock would come at a very sensitive time. President Donald Trump has lashed out at OPEC , suggesting he's concerned about rising gasoline prices impacting next month's midterm elections. And concerns about inflation have helped send US Treasury yields spiking, setting off a wave of turbulence on Wall Street.

"Under a scenario where the Saudis scale back production, it is likely this will feed through to higher prices. How much upside, would depend on how much they cut production," said Warren Patterson, commodities strategist at ING.

Hitting $100 per barrel by the end of the year "is not impossible," if Saudi production is scaled back, Robin Mills, CEO of Qamar Energy told CNN.

It's a risky strategy. Saudi Arabia could end up shooting itself in the foot.

"Higher prices will likely lead to increased demand destruction in the short to medium term, while in the longer term it will only quicken the pace of structural changes we are seeing in energy markets, with regards to energy transition," said Patterson.

It may also encourage people to adopt cleaner technology.

"It is in Saudi Arabia's interest to keep prices moderate to avoid global economic damage and a slump in demand, a loss of market share to shale production, and the encouragement of non-oil technologies such as electric vehicles," Mills said.

ING's Patterson echoed the view: "Higher oil prices for a sustained period of time could help support higher penetration rates of electric vehicles moving forward."
Postive Score60.8424336973479
Negative Score25000.15600624025


London (CNN Business) Saudi Arabia has spent the past few years pumping its oil riches into Silicon Valley . Now those investments are coming under scrutiny as the kingdom faces growing isolation in the business world over the unexplained disappearance of prominent journalist Jamal Khashoggi .

Tech companies have been among the major beneficiaries of Saudi Arabia's bid to diversify its economy, receiving billions of dollars via direct investments from the country's sovereign wealth fund, or indirectly through a massive fund established with Japan's SoftBank ( SFTBF ).

Other sectors have also received Saudi cash, including infrastructure, steel and hotels.

Public Investment Fund

Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund, known as the Public Investment Fund (PIF), has beefed up its investments around the world since Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman took charge of the fund in March 2015.

It has pumped $45 billion into the SoftBank Vision Fund, accounting for nearly 50% of the capital committed.

Separately, PIF has invested $3.5 billion in Uber in 2016, and its managing director Yasir Al Rumayyan sits on the company's board.

The fund has also built up a stake of roughly 5% in Tesla ( TSLA ), according to the company's CEO Elon Musk.

Last month, the PIF announced it would invest $1 billion in Tesla rival Lucid Motors.

Earlier this year, the fund pumped nearly half a billion dollars into Magic Leap, a startup working on augmented reality products.

But it's not just about tech.

The PIF has also committed $20 billion to a Blackstone infrastructure investment fund, which was set up to invest in more than $100 billion of infrastructure projects, mostly in the United States.

It also holds stakes in steelmakers ArcelorMittal ( MT ) and POSCO ( PKX ), as well as AccorInvest, the owner of Accor hotels.

Vision Fund investments

SoftBank's $93 billion Vision Fund is largely funded by Saudi Arabia.

Data from Dealogic shows the fund has pumped billions into tech startups around the world.

Last year, it invested $4.4 billion in WeWork, the startup that has set up popular co-working spaces in cities across the globe.

A $2.25 billion investment into GM's ( GM ) driverless car subsidiary, GM Cruise Holdings, followed this year.

Slack, DoorDash and Improbable Worlds are among other companies that have received Vision Fund cash.

The fund also holds a 25% stake in Arm Holdings, a UK semiconductor and software company that SoftBank bought for $32 billion in 2016

Individual investors

A large chunk of Saudi investments abroad is held by private investors. Most prominent among them is the billionaire Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal.

Saudi Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal, the billionaire founder of Kingdom Holding.

( ( He is a long time investor in Twitter TWTR ) and acquired a 2.3% stake in Snapchat SNAP ) earlier this year, having invested $250 million in the company in May.

His Kingdom Holding Company also owns stakes in Lyft and the French music streaming company Deezer, according to data from Refinitiv.
Postive Score60.802469135802475
Negative Score25300.154320987655


Hong Kong (CNN Business) Masayoshi Son used Saudi Arabia's oil riches to help him become one of the world's most powerful tech investors. But that relationship is now threatening to come back and bite him.

Shares in Son's Japanese tech company SoftBank plunged more than 7% in Tokyo on Monday as international pressure intensified on Saudi Arabia over the disappearance of prominent journalist Jamal Khashoggi

Son has built up strong ties with the Saudi government and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. The kingdom provided nearly half the money for SoftBank's $93 billion tech-focused Vision Fund, which has made big investments in startups such as WeWork and Slack.

Asymmetric Advisors, which advises investors about Japanese stocks, removed SoftBank from its list of key recommendations on Monday.

"Although we don't expect this latest diplomatic incident to lead to any sanctions on Saudi, there is always some possibility that some firms will pull out their money from the Vision Fund," Amir Anvarzadeh, a Singapore-based analyst at the firm, wrote in a note to clients.
Postive Score61.06870229007634
Negative Score25400.152671755724


San Francisco (CNN Business) Jeff Bezos says his companies will continue to do business with the US Department of Defense, despite internal and external criticism.

"If big tech companies are going to turn their back on the DoD, this country is going to be in trouble," said Bezos on stage at the Wired25 conference in San Francisco on Monday.

The billionaire has faced backlash from Amazon ( AMZN ) employees over its business deals with government agencies. It has already worked with the DoD and multiple law enforcement agencies have used its facial recognition system -- Rekognition. Amazon employees and civil liberties organizations claimed that the software could be used violate human rights.

"We are going to continue to support the DoD, and I think we should," said Bezos. "One of the jobs of senior leadership is to make the right decision, even when it's unpopular."

Now Amazon is vying for a $10 billion contract with the Department of Defense to consolidate and host its data on the cloud.

Other tech giants have responded differently to internal protests. Google is no longer competing for the $10 billion contract, and it decided not to renew an AI contract with the Pentagon after employees signed a petition.

Bezos, however, is sticking to his plans.

The owner of the Washington Post newspaper, Bezos has been a subject of critical tweets by President Trump. His tensions with the current administration hasn't changed Bezos' view of the United States, however.

"I like this country," said Bezos. "I know everyone is conflicted about the current politics in this country — this country is a gem. It is amazing, it's still the best place in the world, it's the place people want to come, there aren't other countries where everybody's trying to get in. I'd let them in if it were up to me. I like them. I want all of them in. This is a great country and it does need to be defended."

Amazon isn't the only company doing business with the government. Last week, Bezos' space travel company Blue Origin secured a $500 million contract with the federal government to work on a launching system.

He did say some technologies could be misused, but that it is not a reason to stop their development. He compared current technology to the invention of books, which have been used for good and bad, including creating "fascist empires."

"The last thing we'd ever want to do is stop the progress of new technologies," said Bezos.

Eventually, society will develop an "immune response" to bad uses of technology, according to Bezos.

"I think social media is increasing -- unfortunately -- identity politics, tribalism. I think the internet in its current incarnation is a confirmation bias machine," said Bezos. "I worry that some of these technologies will be very useful for autocratic regimes to enforce their role ... But that's not new, that's always been the case. And we will figure it out."

He went on to defend scrutiny of large companies like Amazon, as well as other large institutions such as governments and big non-profits.

"I preach inside Amazon, this is going to happen, it's normal, don't take it personally," he said. "You want to live in a society where that happens."
Postive Score61.094674556213015
Negative Score26200.147928994083


The former Instagram co-founder and CEO announced he was leaving Facebook three weeks ago , six years after the company bought his photo app for $1 billion.

Now, he says, he is devoting his downtime to parenting, self-improvement, a new flying hobby, and pondering his next project.

"I made a deal with myself when I left: I'm not going to sit around," Systrom said at the Wired 25 conference in San Francisco on Monday. "I had a beach week, don't get me wrong, but there's a lot of people who just sit there and that's their life."

Systrom is painting the split with Facebook ( FB ) and its CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, as amicable.

"No one ever leaves a job because everything is awesome," said Systrom. "In this case, there are no hard feelings at all. I'm excited to do something new."

Instead, he's calling it a natural life event for any entrepreneur who has sold their startup to another company. Systrom said he believes people can't evolve as individuals unless they make big changes in their life, and this was his opportunity to do something "brand new."

"Entrepreneurs don't stay forever and I was actually amazed that we were on the far side of the average," said Systrom. "It's kind of like a rocket. You have to aim it in the right direction, take your hands off and let it go ... [Instagram] didn't feel done by any stretch of the imagination but it felt like it was in orbit."

In his free time now, he's learning to fly from the same instructor who taught Sebastian Thun, CEO of self-flying car company Kitty Hawk. He's also working on a writing project, taking classes, reading and spending time with his baby daughter. He said he often thinks about the impact social media, phones and other technology will have on her

Kevin Systrom said Monday that there are "no hard feelings" with Facebook and its CEO, Mark Zuckerberg.

"She will be on some social network," Systrom said. "I want to make sure we've started work on some of the main problems of social media today."

He told the audience he sees his work at Instragram as a template for how to improve things. Instead of relying on automation and AI to address issues like bullying on Instagram, he preferred simpler options that gave users more control.

"Sometimes solutions are a lot easier than letting the robots do all the work; sometimes it's control. Most social networks don't let you control whether or not someone replies to you. We let you turn that off," said Systrom, who described it as a philosophical decision.

Systrom doesn't know what his next project will be, but he's in no rush.

"I'm 34," he said. "I have a few more Instagrams in me, time wise."
Postive Score61.23919308357348
Negative Score26800.144092219023


New York (CNN Business) Sears, the once-dominant retail chain that changed how Americans shopped and lived, has filed for bankruptcy.

Sears Holdings ( SHLD ), the parent company of Sears and Kmart, is among dozens of prominent retailers to declare bankruptcy in the era of Amazon ( AMZN ).

The filing in federal bankruptcy court in New York came in the early hours of Monday morning. The company issued a statement saying it intends to stay in business, keeping open stores that are profitable, along with the Sears and Kmart websites.

As of the filing, about 700 stores remained open and the company employed 68,000 workers. That's down from 1,000 stores with 89,000 employees that it had as recently as February.

But Sears said that it's looking for a buyer for a large number of its remaining stores, and it will close at least 142 stores near the end of this year. That's in addition to the 46 store closings already planned for next month. The company did not rule out additional store closings as the bankruptcy process proceeds.

Eddie Lampert, the company's chairman and largest shareholder, gave up the title of CEO. The company will now be run by three of the company's top executives.

For years, Lampert has claimed the company was making progress to end its years of ongoing losses.

"While we have made progress, the plan has yet to deliver the results we have desired," Lampert said in a statement Monday. He said the bankruptcy process would allow the company to shed debt and costs and "become a profitable and more competitive retailer."

Although retailers typically file for bankruptcy with the intention of staying in business, many end up going bust after filing. In recent years, Toys "R" Us RadioShack and Sports Authority have followed that path to the graveyard.

The upcoming holiday season will be a particular challenge for Sears. It will need to do better than last year. While other traditional retailers enjoyed strong holiday sales, Sears and Kmart both reported sharp drops.

Sears' problems go back decades

Sears fell out of shoppers' favor over the past decades as online stores and big box rivals, including Walmart ( WMT ) and Home Depot ( HD ), beat Sears on price and convenience.

Sears store in Jackson, Mississippi, 1949.

But many of Sears' problems were self-inflicted. Its management tried to compete by closing stores and cutting costs. It slashed spending on advertising and it failed to invest in the upkeep and modernization of its outlets. Sears and Kmart stores grew barren and rundown.

Debt mounted, and the company's cash reserves disappeared. Sears sold many of its most valuable assets, including its massive real estate footprint, to raise the cash it needed to survive. According to the bankruptcy filing, the company was losing about $125,000 a month. Sales declined. Losses piled up in the billions of dollars.Debt mounted, and the company's cash reserves disappeared. Sears sold many of its most valuable assets, including its massive real estate footprint, to raise the cash it needed to survive. According to the bankruptcy filing, the company was losing about $125,000 a month.

It ditched Lands End in 2014. Three years later, Sears dumped the Craftsman brand , which it had sold exclusively. The company has been looking for a buyer for its Kenmore brand of appliances for years. The only acquirer it could find was Lampert, who offered $400 million for Kenmore through his hedge fund. The Sears board never accepted the offer.

By last month, Sears' market value had fallen below $100 million, less than quarter of the value of Kenmore itself.

The retailer's problems have mounted in recent years. Sears warned investors last year there was " substantial doubt " it would be able to stay in business. It has lost $11.7 billion since 2010, its last profitable year. Sales have plunged 60% since then. The company shuttered more than 2,800 stores over the past 13 years.

With the writing on the wall that a bankruptcy was imminent, suppliers demanded Sears pay cash up front for the items in its stores, putting it at an even greater competitive disadvantage with other retailers.

Whirlpool , ( WHR ) which had started in business more than a century ago selling its appliances at Sears, pulled its various brands out of Sears and Kmart stores last year. Once the dominant appliance retailer in the country, Sears accounted for only 3% of Whirlpool's sales worldwide in 2017.

In September, Lampert proposed that Sears restructure its finances without filing bankruptcy. But he warned that the company was running out of cash . The company's stock quickly fell below $1 a share for the first time in its history.

Creditors opted instead to try their hand in bankruptcy court. Without a deal and with $134 million in debt payments due Monday, Sears filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.

The brand that shaped a nation

Sears was once the nation's largest retailer and its largest employer. In its heyday, it was both the Walmart and Amazon of its time.

Beauty department of a sears store, 1955.

Formed in 1886 by railroad station agent Richard Sears, the company started as a watch business in North Redwood, Minnesota. Sears moved to Chicago in 1887, and he hired watchmaker Alvah Roebuck as his partner. The first Sears Roebuck catalog, which sold watches and jewelry, was printed in 1896.

The Sears catalog was the way many Americans first started to buy mass-produced goods. That was an enormous shift for people who lived on farms and in small towns and made many of the goods they needed on their own, including clothes and furniture.

Sears' stores helped reshape America, drawing shoppers away from the traditional Main Street merchants. Sears brought people into malls, contributing to the suburbanization of America in the post-World War II era. Its Kenmore appliances introduced many American homes to labor-saving devices that changed family dynamics. Its Craftsman tools and their lifetime guarantees were a mainstay of middle-class America.

But long before the rise of Amazon and online shopping, Sears was struggling to keep up with Americans' changing shopping habits. Big box retailers such as Walmart beat it on both price and merchandise selection.

In 1999, it was booted out of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, where it had been for 75 years. Big box rival Home Depot took its place.

Sears and Kmart merged to form Sears Holdings in 2005. At the time, they had 3,500 US stores between them. They have fewer than 900 today.

In July, Sears closed its last store in Chicago, once its hometown. In August, the company announced another 46 store closings. The company had 89,000 employees as of February. That's down from 317,000 US employees in early 2006, soon after the merger.
Postive Score60.136986301369866
Negative Score29000.136986301368


San Francisco (CNN) A 2,000 foot-long floating pipe nicknamed Wilson is about to start its mission to collect all the plastic in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.

Last month, the Ocean Cleanup foundation launched the world's first ocean cleanup system out of San Francisco to take on the notorious "Great Pacific Garbage Patch," a giant floating trash pile between San Francisco and Hawaii that is twice the size of Texas. It's the largest of five ocean trash piles on Earth.

The pipe is set to arrive at its destination in the ocean on Tuesday and begin the cleanup process soon after, according to a company spokesperson.

The pipe, which is in the shape of a U, features a 3-meter deep net underneath it to trap floating plastic under the water's surface. A boat will return to the spot every couple of months to remove the debris -- like a garbage truck for the ocean -- and return it to shore. The goal is to recycle the plastic and create new products.

The Ocean Cleanup uses a U-shaped pipe to collect plastic. The company's goal is to clean the world's oceans.

With about 150 million tons of plastic in the world's oceans -- and that number expected to triple in the next decade -- this type of trash disposal has real implications for climate change, the safety of sea life and industries such as fishing and tourism. It can also affect our health if plastic ends up in the food we eat.

Read More
Postive Score59.756097560975604
Negative Score29600.135501355016


Melinda Gates is co-chair of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. The opinions expressed in this commentary are her own.

"Tech Companies Should Stop Pretending AI Won't Destroy Jobs." "The Tech Solutions to End Global Hunger." Depending on which headline you read, you can get a very different idea of how technology is going to affect our future.

It's enough to make your head spin. Neither extreme scenario rings true based on historical evidence or my own experience in business and global philanthropy.

When spreadsheet software was introduced in 1980, pundits predicted heavy losses for the accounting sector. And, in a way, they were right: Since then, the United States has lost 400,000 accounting jobs. What they didn't predict, though, was that spreadsheets would also create customer service jobs — 600,000 of them

Or take a more immediate example: our phones. They provide us almost instant access to more or less the entirety of human knowledge, but a lot of us are addicted to them in ways that make us more anxious and less empathetic.

It's up to businesses and governments to move past fearmongering and naïve optimism and get practical. Instead of wondering and waiting to see what the impact of technological change will be, they can guide it." Melinda Gates

Ultimately, technology is neither good nor bad on its own. It's a tool, and what matters is how we use it. It's up to businesses and governments to move past fearmongering and naïve optimism and get practical. Instead of wondering and waiting to see what the impact of technological change will be, they can guide it.

Read More
Postive Score59.57161981258366
Negative Score30100.13386880857


(CNN Business) The federal government is running up its credit bill again.

The deficit rose to $779 billion in fiscal year 2018, up 17% from last year, according to final figures released Monday by the Treasury Department. That's the largest number since 2012, when the country was still spending massively to stimulate an economy struggling to recover.

Government receipts were flat this year from last year. Corporate tax collections fell $76 billion, or 22%, due to the Republican-backed tax cut. But that drop was more than offset by increased revenues from individual and self-employment taxes. The fiscal year ended September 30.

Spending rose 3% over the previous year, fueled in part by increases to the defense budget agreed upon in September 2017 as part of a deal between Republicans and Democrats to head off a government shutdown. Social Security and interest on the federal debt also contributed to the increase.

The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, a think tank that warns of the dangers of rising debt levels, said the deficit could reach $1 trillion as soon as next year. That would still be below a high of $1.4 trillion reached in 2009, but in a vastly different economy.

Read More
Postive Score59.22974767596282
Negative Score30600.132802124834


London (CNN Business) The New York Times is shutting down three planned guided tours to Saudi Arabia as a result of the disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi.

"In light of the uncertainty surrounding the disappearance of the Washington Post's Jamal Khashoggi at the Saudi consulate in Turkey, The New York Times has decided to cancel all upcoming Times Journeys departures to Saudi Arabia," a New York Times spokesperson said in an email.

The New York Times "Journeys" are tour packages to destinations around the world. Tour groups are often accompanied by Times' correspondents and other experts. The journey to Saudi Arabia was advertised as "Saudi Arabia and the Emirates: The Past and Future of Oil." The 10-day tours included lodging in five-star hotels and started at a cost of $11,995 per individual. The spokesperson said refunds will be issued to those who signed up for the tours.

It's not the first time the Times has canceled an organized tour. The paper says it canceled a trip to Ethiopia in 2016 due to unrest in the country.

The Wrap first reported on the tour's cancellations.

Read More
Postive Score59.15119363395226
Negative Score30700.132625994695


Palo Alto, Calif. (CNN Business) Priscilla Chan always knew her life's work would be helping children, but she didn't anticipate having billions of dollars at her disposal to try and change the fate of an entire generation.

Instead of an exam room, the desk of the 33-year-old pediatrician is in the middle of an unremarkable looking open office, home to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, or CZI. The Palo Alto, California-based group with 250 employees and two offices aims "to advance human potential and promote equality for all children in the next generation."

Chan and her husband, Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg, have pledged 99% of their wealth to the organization. But the majority of that money is still invested in Facebook, amounting to about $61 billion based on the recent share price

"We are about building an aspirational future that everyone's excited about," Chan told CNN'sPoppy Harlow in an exclusive on-camera interview for the latest episode of Boss Files . "We have to be cognizant about how we make sure that the opportunity to access that is equal. There are some kids that are on a moving walkway and they're gonna get there. There are other kids that are going the wrong way on an escalator."

A different kind of philanthropy

Founded in 2015, CZI's most ambitious goal is to cure, prevent or manage all disease in the next generation's lifetime. Chan said it's not something CZI will do on its own. It will try to accomplish it through investing, building technological tools and supporting scientists and researchers.

The group is active in other areas, too. It has developed software to help teachers create personalized lesson plans and funds a group that gives eye exams to low-income students. The organization is also pushing for policy changes around criminal justice, supporting a group that wants to eliminate mandatory minimum sentencing, and immigration reform for DREAMers.

Chan at her desk, which sits in the middle of the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative office in Palo Alto.

CZI is set up as a limited liability company, which allows Chan and Zuckerberg to have more flexibility and privacy with the way they use the money. Although it has a nonprofit subsidiary and has given $1.4 billion in grants, it's designed more as a startup than a charity. It has more than $100 million in investments so far. Its LLC structure also allows it to give to political organizations.

CZI said it builds its technology in-house, invests in for-profit companies, and funds political advocacy work while trying to stay "bipartisan." Former Obama adviser and campaign manager David Plouffe runs CZI's policy and advocacy team. It has not supported any political campaigns to date, and Chan said there are no plans to do so. However, it does give to groups advocating for criminal justice and immigration reform. It has done some political advocacy through its 501(c)(4) subsidiary called Chan Zuckerberg Advocacy.

"We participate and support efforts in those areas but always in a bipartisan way. We don't see ourselves as political," said Chan.

Zuckerberg said they've specifically tried to focus on issues not defined by partisan politics.

"At some level, everything that matters can be political. The question is: Is it partisan?" Zuckerberg told Harlow during the interview, which took place at their home in Palo Alto. "Is one side for education and the other side against it? No, right? So there are ways where I think we can find a path forward together."

While the spouses share the responsibility of running the organization, Chan is there daily. Zuckerberg comes into the office on Fridays. Now Chan is reluctantly stepping more into the spotlight to draw attention to the organization's work.

On a path to help, long before Facebook

"I think that most people probably don't know that much about her at all," said Zuckerberg. "She just cares immensely about people."

The child of refugees from Vietnam, Chan grew up in low-income housing outside of Boston and attended public school. With the help of her family and great teachers, Chan got into Harvard on a full scholarship.

"If you just stopped it on that first day that I got to Harvard, I would have lived the fullest version of the American Dream," said Chan, with tears in her eyes. "My grandparents were business people in Saigon. The war hit. They were persecuted. The only way out was to put their children on boats and to send them off to sea, and hopefully they find opportunity on the other side."

But Chan struggled to fit in at the Ivy League college.

"Harvard was so hard for me. I showed up, and I just felt like a failure," said Chan. "I just felt like I didn't belong -- my one skill set of being smart, I wasn't smart there anymore. I didn't fit in."

She even prepared paperwork to transfer out of Harvard, but then there was an incident with a child that she said changed her life.

While volunteering at an after-school program in a low-income housing project, Chan went looking for a young girl who had failed to show up one week. Chan ultimately found her at a nearby playground. Two of her front teeth were broken and Chan felt terrible that she was unable to prevent it from happening.

"I was devastated. I thought, 'What happened? What did I do wrong?'" said Chan. "I thought at the time, 'I am not enough yet. ... I need more skills. I need more power to be able to solve this.' And so, when you're 20 years old and a type-A Harvard student, the answer is medical school."

After she graduated, she taught fourth and fifth grade science for a year and went on to medical school to become a pediatrician.

JUST WATCHED Priscilla Chan: My life is a miracle Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Priscilla Chan: My life is a miracle 03:01

Hatching an ambitious plan for a fortune

Along the way, Chan famously met Zuckerberg in line for the bathroom at a Harvard fraternity party.

Three years later, she got her first glimpse of a possible future in philanthropy. Zuckerberg had received an offer from Yahoo to buy Facebook for a billion dollars.

"It was the first time we realized that, 'Oh my god, we have this incredible opportunity to give back.' We started thinking through, 'What would we do if you sold Facebook?'" said Chan. "Well, first of all we had no good ideas, so [we] said 'You better keep running Facebook.'"

In 2016, Chan founded The Primary School, a private, nonprofit school in East Palo Alto, California, that now has 250 students. The project combines her biggest passions: health and school. Children receive full mental and medical health care services as part of their education

When their daughter Max was born, they announced the launch of CZI on the same day as a promise to give her a better world.

"We will do our part to make this happen, not only because we love you, but also because we have a moral responsibility to all children in the next generation," read the couple's letter.

Max, who is now almost three, is unfazed by her parents' work. "If you ask her, she said, 'Mom works at CZI. Dada works at a bookstore,'" said Chan. "She thinks Facebook is a bookstore."

JUST WATCHED Chan's school offers education and health care Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Chan's school offers education and health care 01:48

In the shadow of a tech giant

However, doing good is not without challenges. CZI has to deal with the cloud of Facebook's very public controversies, including the Cambridge Analytica data scandal, the spread of misinformation, and the recent breach that compromised 50 million accounts.

"The Chan Zuckerberg Initiative and Facebook are two entirely separate and independent organizations. To be even more clear, CZI is not the 'Facebook Foundation.' CZI has an entirely separate staff, separate offices and a separate and different mission," said Chan.

Some critics have said the organization is meant to distract the public from Facebook's woes, but Chan said she always planned to give back.

"This commitment was clear even before I met Mark and before Facebook was started. Also, there are a lot of things that are easier to accomplish for good PR," she said.

Zuckerberg and Chan have also received criticism for their approach to philanthropy.

Some have said creating an LLC instead of a nonprofit makes it possible for them to profit from investments.

CZI's spokesperson said the couple chose to create an LLC because it allows them to invest in for-profit companies working on important projects that may not be happening at nonprofit organizations. Any profit made by CZI investments will go back into the organization, she said.

Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan in 2016 as they rehearse for a speech in San Francisco.

The pair donated $100 million to Newark's public schools in 2010. The headline-grabbing donation -- announced on The Oprah Winfrey Show — stirred up local opposition and was the subject of the 2015 book " The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? ," which painted it as a failure.

Chan said it was actually a success. Seven years after CZI first invested in Newark's public schools, Chan said the high school graduation rates have gone up 18%.

"This work is not work that is going to fully play out in three or four years. It takes time," she said. "The lesson I want us to learn here at CZI is hold yourself accountable but know that to really understand the full impact of your work, you're just going to need to be patient," said Chan.

Zuckerberg said CZI could potentially have a bigger impact on the world than Facebook, which has more than 2 billion users around the world.

"CZI just has the opportunity to do so much more in terms of helping people, helping create more education opportunities," said Zuckerberg.

The organization has a long way to go before it fulfills its ambitious missions, but Chan remains determined. She is inspired by the way her parents were welcomed when they first arrived to the US 30 years ago.

"Everything that I am able to achieve is a downstream effect of families, churches, communities that said, 'You need a safe place to be? We can be that for you,'" said Chan. "I am forever in debt and willing to fight for what I feel like is an extremely American value, and I just think that's what makes this country great."

Update: The headline on this article has been changed.
Postive Score59.975669099756686
Negative Score32800.121654501214


(CNN Business) Some of the biggest names in US business and finance have canceled plans to attend a big investment conference in Saudi Arabia because of the unexplained disappearance of prominent Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi.

The Washington Post columnist hasn't been seen since he entered the Saudi consulate in Istanbul on October 2 . Turkey claims he was killed in the consulate, an allegation Saudi Arabia firmly denies.

The conference, known as "Davos in the desert," is part of Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's plan to transform the oil-dependent economy.

JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and the heads of America's top investment firms — Blackrock and Blackstone — are among the leading figures who have decided to stay away. But several other senior global executives and officials are still going, or are refusing to talk about their plans.

Here's a list of people who are still planning to participate:

Read More
Postive Score59.83112183353438
Negative Score33200.12062726176


New York (CNN Business) 1. Who turned out the lights? Here's a little-known fact: The biggest buyer of shares during the bull market hasn't been individual investors nor large institutions. It's been Corporate America itself.

Encouraged by low rates and record profits , US companies have bought back $4.3 trillion of their own stock since 2009, according to Yardeni Research. That enormous source of demand has helped the S&P 500 to quadruple off its financial crisis low.

But what happens when stock buybacks get turned off?

To avoid tripping insider trading rules, companies typically avoid buyback shares during the two weeks prior to reporting earnings. Last week's market storm -- the Nasdaq's worst week since March -- occurred during the darkest part of these so-called "blackout" windows.

"Right now, we're pretty much at a trough in corporate liquidity," said Keith Parker, head of US equity strategy at UBS.

Parker said that previous market tailspins, including the scary sell-offs in February as well as the one in April, coincided with buyback blackouts. "Almost to the day," he said.

Buybacks have been especially powerful lately. Flush with excess cash from tax cuts and the strong economy , US companies are on track to repurchase $1 trillion of stock this year for the first time ever, according to Goldman Sachs. Last month Goldman Sachs even warned that the looming blackout period posed a "near-term risk" to the market.

So are buyback blackouts causing the markets to nosedive? No. There needs to be a catalyst first. Last week's tumble was triggered mostly by fears about spiking Treasury rates and the US-China trade war.

'No coincidence'

But the lack of demand from Corporate America allowed stocks to keep tumbling.

"The blackout period can contribute to sell-offs," said Ed Yardeni, president of investment advisory Yardeni Research.

Christopher Cole, founder of hedge fund Artemis Capital Management, agrees.

"It is no coincidence that the markets are struggling the most when this financial engineering technique is removed," said Cole, a vocal critic of buybacks.

"Buybacks artificially suppress volatility. Every time the market drops you have a price insensitive buyer that lifts the market back up," said Cole.

In other words, Corporate America is the buyer-of-last resort.

The matter of buyback timing even came up during Wells Fargo's earnings call on Friday. The bank is one of the most aggressive buyers of its own stock, with repurchases tripling last quarter to nearly $7 billion.

Noting the pre-earnings blackout window, Sandler O'Neil analyst Scott Siefers asked Wells Fargo finance chief John Shrewsberry when the company can turn buybacks back on.

"Monday," Shrewsberry responded.

Just like Wells Fargo ( WFC ), US companies will soon be able to resume purchasing gobs of their own shares. The flow of buybacks and dividends will triple over the next six weeks, spiking to $48 billion by mid-November, according to UBS.

That's welcome news for a market that increasingly looks hooked on buybacks.

2. Tears for Sears: Sears ( Sears ( SHLD ) appears to be nearing bankruptcy and it could come as soon as Sunday. Its parent company, which also owns Kmart, faces an October 15 deadline to pay $134 million on its debt.

If it misses the deadline, the 125-year-old company could use the court process to shed debt and unaffordable leases or liquidate and shutter for good. The stock is down a staggering 89% for the year.

3. Will earnings rejuvenate tech stocks? A busy week of earnings kicks off, including some tech heavyweights such as IBM, Netflix, eBay and PayPal.

Investors are eagerly anticipating Netflix to keep increasing its revenue and global growth. Its stock is up 76% for the year. But it's not so rosy for eBay. Its stock hit a 52-week low last week because of continued weak growth in its marketplace.

4. Non-tech earnings: Lots of those, too. A flurry of financial companies are reporting, including Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, Charles Schwab, Morgan Stanley and American Express. It'll be the first report card for Goldman Sachs under Lots of those, too. A flurry of financial companies are reporting, including Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, Charles Schwab, Morgan Stanley and American Express. It'll be the first report card for Goldman Sachs under new CEO David Solomon , who is attempting to turn around the investment bank's trading division.

Domino's Pizza, which has enjoyed a stock spike of nearly 50% for the year, reports Tuesday too. And investors will keep an eye on United Airlines. It's having a good year but could hit turbulence with the rising cost of fuel and labor.

5. Coming this week:

Monday — Bank of America ( — Bank of America ( BAC ) and Charles Schwab ( SCHW ) earnings

Tuesday — IBM ( — IBM ( IBM ), BlackRock ( BLK ), United Airlines ( UAL ), eBay ( EBAY ), Domino's Pizza ( DPZ ), UnitedHealth ( UNH ), Goldman Sachs ( GS ), Netflix ( NFLX ), Johnson and Johnson ( JNJ ) and Morgan Stanley ( MS ) earnings

Wednesday — Alcoa ( — Alcoa ( AA ) and Winnebago ( WGO ) earnings

Thursday — American Express ( — American Express ( AXP ), Blackstone ( BX ), Bank of New York ( BK ), E*TRADE ( ETFC ) and PayPal ( PYPL ) earnings
Postive Score59.13853317811408
Negative Score35000.11641443539


Tina Tchen is a partner at Buckley Sandler and leads its Workplace Cultural Compliance Practice. She is the cofounder of the Time's Up Legal Defense Fund and previously served as Chief of Staff to First Lady Michelle Obama. The opinions expressed in this commentary are her own.

When we think about the #MeToo movement, we often think about the high-profile cases — the Harvey Weinsteins, Bill Cosbys and Matt Lauers. But in the past year, thousands of women — and yes, men, too — have come forward.

They don't make the front page, but their stories are no less important. Workplace sexual harassment is a disease that infects all industries. But for some, it can be nearly impossible to find a way out of a dangerous situation.

Some have argued that if companies and employees just follow the law, we wouldn't have any workplace harassment issues. What they fail to recognize is that existing laws and regulations have not caught up to where our society is in 2018." Tina Tchen

Since January, the Time's Up Legal Defense Fund has received more than 3,500 requests for assistance from workers in more than 60 different industries in all 50 states. Two-thirds of requests came from low-income workers. Nearly 40% are women of color and one in 10 are in the LGBTQ community. We've connected them with attorneys that have offered their assistance, often pro bono or at a reduced fee.

But even if we help all these women find justice, what happens to those who remain silent?

A recent SourceMedia study found that 63% of women and 51% of men experienced or witnessed sexual harassment in the workplace. We now know that one of the reasons they don't come forward is out of fear — fear that doing so would hurt their career. And fear that their story — no matter how detailed — would not change anything in their workplace.

Read More
Postive Score58.50574712643678
Negative Score36000.11494252874


Bill Carter, a media analyst for CNN, covered the television industry for The New York Times for 25 years, and has written four books on TV, including The Late Shift and The War for Late Night. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his own.

Matt Damon got a lot of laughs — but no votes.

It's hard to imagine a more comprehensive takedown of a political figure than the one Saturday Night Live executed on Brett Kavanaugh in its season premiere last month, at a time when the judge's fate seemed to be hanging in the balance.

We are now at a point where television comedy, no matter how potent, is unlikely to pull even a few of the true believers out from the ring of wagons encircling their separate camps." Bill Carter

Damon added several layers of ridicule to Kavanaugh's angry, aggressive testimony before the Senate, presenting him as a sputtering, sniffing, weeping, beer-loving caricature of judicial temperament. In light of the sexual assault accusations against him, which he has denied, the sketch included an especially devastating line: "I'm not backing down. . . I don't know the meaning of the word 'stop.'"

And then, a few hours before the dress rehearsal of the show's next episode, Kavanaugh was confirmed as a justice to the Supreme Court.

SNL can hardly be blamed/mocked for failing to keep Kavanaugh off the Court. The odds that Senator Orrin Hatch and Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley were ever going to stay up late to catch the premiere — or catch it the next day online — are in the vanishingly low range. Not that either man would have been persuaded, of course, even if they had flipped on the set in their pajamas. We are now at a point where television comedy, no matter how potent, is unlikely to pull even a few of the true believers out from the ring of wagons encircling their separate camps.

Read More
Postive Score57.888762769580026
Negative Score37000.11350737798


Sheila Warren is the project head of blockchain policy at the World Economic Forum. The opinions expressed in this commentary are her own.

For many people all over the world, paper cash and metal coins are already items of memory. Mobile payment providers, like Apply Pay and Samsung Pay, are being used at cash registers in countries like the United Kingdom and Japan, and people have responded well to the ease of this system and some of the benefits it provides.

But some countries, like the United States, are already falling behind in this race to adopt digital currency.

Mobile payments in the US hit $112 billion in 2016, while they were $5.5 trillion in China, according to iResearch . One of the main reasons is because China is a global leader in e-commerce. It is forecast to reach almost $2 trillion by 2022, according to Forrester , and the industry has developed rapidly through support from the government and rising business stars that are now giants: Alibaba, Tencent and JD.com.

As the technology developed and as support for e-commerce grew, many Chinese cities skipped right over credit card machines in favor of digital payments via WeChat and similar providers. The infrastructure, systems and processes to handle digital payments were relatively easy to adapt, and both industry and the government readily embraced the new digital reality. Because of this kind of support, the ecosystem was able to leapfrog over less advanced technologies and move directly to more advanced ones.

In environments like this where mobile payment is already de rigueur, there's little psychological barrier to the widespread adoption of digital currency. If people do not think of paper cash or checks as meaningful alternatives, let alone a default, they are likely to be more open to a digital currency and possibly even to cryptocurrency. They are already used to the speed and ease of digital payments, and because they have been using e-money in some form or another for years, the leap from payments via WeChat, for instance, to bitcoin would be smaller than the leap from cash straight to bitcoin.

Read More
Postive Score58.620689655172406
Negative Score37100.11123470523


Salesforce founder and CEO Marc Benioff tells CNN's Poppy Harlow that even after spending $6 million to ensure gender equality in pay the company is not done and says "we have a very significant issue regarding pay equality."
Postive Score58.6015538290788
Negative Score37200.11098779135


New Delhi (CNN Business) India's currency resumed its headlong plunge on Friday, stoking concerns that the world's fastest-growing major economy could be heading for a slowdown.

The rupee crossed 74 rupees to the US dollar for the first time ever, after the country's central bank surprised markets by holding off on raising interest rates. The currency recovered slightly later in the day.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) decided against hiking rates for the third time this year despite expectations that it would act to tame inflation caused by rising oil prices and the crashing currency, which makes imports more expensive.

The Indian rupee has fallen around 15% against the surging dollar this year, making it one of the world's worst performing currencies

The Indian government has tried in vain to stop the slide. It recently made it easier for foreign investors to buy rupee bonds issued by Indian companies and raised tariffs on imported goods like washing machines and diamonds, measures designed to reduce the flow of money out of the country.

Read More
Postive Score58.415841584158414
Negative Score37700.1100110011


New York (CNN Business) Bumble is the latest online dating app to compete for the hearts of women in India.

Bumble, which requires women to make the first move, announced Wednesday plans to launch in India later this year. Indian celebrity Priyanka Chopra, a new investor in the company, will advise on the expansion.

The news comes less than a week after rival Tinder launched a My Move feature in India that gives women the option to prevent men from initiating a conversation.

But Bumble's efforts for an expansion in India have been in the works for awhile. Founder and CEO Whitney Wolfe Herd said the newly engaged Chopra first told her "Indian women needed Bumble" months ago. Chopra was among a group of high-profile women who helped Bumble kickoff its networking app, Bumble Bizz, in October 2017.

"It was clear then we shared a passion for empowering young women on a global level," Wolfe Herd told CNN in an e-mail. "From there we began architecting a plan to partner and launch Bumble in India."

Read More
Postive Score58.53391684901532
Negative Score37800.10940919037


New Delhi (CNN Business) The battle for India's online shoppers has triggered a smartphone gold rush.

Flipkart and Amazon are leading an online sales bonanza that will see Indians buy smartphones worth over $1 billion in just five days, according to tech consultancy Counterpoint Research.

Bangalore-based Flipkart said it sold 1 million devices during the first hour of an online phone sale on Thursday that was part of its "Big Billion Days" shopping festival. By the end of the day, it had sold more than 3 million phones.

Acquired earlier this year by Walmart ( WMT ), Flipkart estimated that its sale accounted for more than 85% of all smartphones sold in India on Thursday.

Amazon ( AMZN ) also reported blockbuster device sales during its "Great Indian Festival" sale on Wednesday, cashing in on the big Chinese brands that dominate the Indian market.

Read More
Postive Score58.759521218715996
Negative Score37800.10881392818


New Delhi (CNN Business) India has hardly any startups founded by women. The government and tech industry are hoping to change that, and create millions of jobs in the process.

Only about 8% to 10% of Indian entrepreneurs are women, according to a senior executive at India's main tech industry body Nasscom. That's far lower than the United States, where 39% of privately-held firms are owned by women, according to a report last year by American Express.

"Hopefully in the next three to four years time, the number of women entrepreneurs, technology-led, will be drastically changed," KS Vishwanathan, vice president of industry initiatives at Nasscom, said at a conference in New Delhi on Tuesday.

The event was organized by Facebook ( FB ), which highlighted its own initiatives to promote women entrepreneurship.

"We need a lot of work to make sure women are coming ahead and running a tech business," said Satyajeet Singh, Facebook's head of platform partnerships in India.

Read More
Postive Score58.6767895878525
Negative Score38000.10845986984


This story was originally published March 28, 2018.

(CNN Business) India is building a new city to give global investors an easy way into its booming economy.

Gradually mushrooming on an otherwise barren 886-acre parcel of land in Gujarat -- Prime Minister Narendra Modi's home state -- is a small collection of buildings that India hopes will one day rival financial centers like Singapore, Dubai and Hong Kong.

It's called Gujarat International Finance-Tec City, or GIFT City.

"Except for the fact that we are not sitting in Singapore and GIFT City is not Singapore, I think from a business perspective we have everything that is required," Ajay Pandey, the city's CEO, told CNN.

Two stock exchanges were established in the city last year, and government exemptions recently made trading virtually tax-free. The city will also have its own financial regulator, part of an effort to reduce red tape and bureaucracy faced by foreign investors.

Read More
Postive Score58.68392664509169
Negative Score38200.107874865156


The Chinese company Transsion makes smartphones called Tecnos. But it's never sold a phone in China. This is how an unheard-of company beat out the biggest names in mobile to dominate the African smartphone market.

Source: CNN Business
Postive Score58.728448275862064
Negative Score38200.10775862069


One viral menu item can make a restaurant famous on Instagram -- and massively boost business. Here's how the app is changing the way we eat out.

Source: CNN Business
Postive Score58.817204301075265
Negative Score38200.10752688172


Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.
Postive Score58.817204301075265
Negative Score38200.10752688172


Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.
Postive Score58.817204301075265
Negative Score38200.10752688172


Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.
Postive Score58.817204301075265
Negative Score38200.10752688172


For Ohio-based software company Hyland, the recruiting process starts in middle school.

When the business first launched more than two decades ago, hiring was tough. It was hard to find local workers with the necessary skill sets to fill open positions.

"There wasn't a ready-made workforce for us when we started 20 years ago," said CEO Bill Priemer.

So the company decided to play the long game by creating its own pipeline of workers. Hyland teamed up with local middle and high schools, as well as higher education institutions, to groom the next generation of tech workers.

Read More
Postive Score58.842443729903536
Negative Score38300.10718113612


You'd be hard-pressed to find anyone who knows General Motors better than Mary Barra.

An engineer by training, Barra has worked at GM her entire career and even got her undergraduate degree from Kettering University, formerly known as General Motors Institute.

She became GM's first female CEO in 2014 and the first woman to lead any major automaker.

Barra is also one of only two female CEOs in the Fortune 500 to bring on a female CFO. She's also been calling for the company to hire employees with a diverse set of skills and backgrounds. Recently GM was named No. 1 out of 200 companies worldwide for its efforts to achieve gender equality.

GM CEO Mary Barra has stressed the development of self-driving cars and electric vehicles like the Chevy Bolt EV.

DuringBarra's first year as CEO, she led GM through a reckoning of its culture and safety practices after multiple recalls, including one for a faulty ignition switch that resulted in 124 deaths . She fired 15 employees, disciplined five others and created a compensation fund for victims' families.

Time is not your friend. Every industry is being disrupted so the importance of speed cannot be underestimated." Mary Barra

Since then, Barra has been pushing GM to innovate. One of her top priorities is the development of self-driving cars, which she says the company will start selling next year. On her watch, GM beat Tesla to market with a moderately priced, long-range electric vehicle. And just last week GM announced it was partnering with Honda to create a new generation of fully autonomous vehicles.

In an email interview with CNN, Barra spoke about her leadership style, who influenced her along the way, the value of time and #MeToo.

What does it take to run a successful business?

It takes a lot! You need the right people, the right culture and the right strategy. To be truly great, your team must have diversity of thought and be willing to collaborate constructively.

Your company culture should empower and inspire people to relentlessly pursue the company's vision — always with integrity

A strong strategy is the roadmap to achieve your vision, but you need strategies for this year, as well as the next five, 10, 20 years — and they all may need to work in tandem. Our vision at General Motors is a world with zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion, and everyone on the team knows we are committed to putting the customer at the center of everything we do.

How do you keep innovating and stay on top of trends in such a fast-paced business world?

At General Motors, we live and work by a set of seven behaviors, one of which we call Innovate Now. This means "I see things not how they are but how they should be." So, we empower our teams to innovate and create, while also understanding macro trends.

We look for ways to use our technology to provide value for our customers to make their lives safer, better and easier and to develop new business ideas like our car-sharing brand Maven.

We also challenge our team to find new solutions through hackathons and crowdsourcing. I believe that being open-minded and having a true thirst for knowledge helps us see around corners and create the future.

What advice would you give to someone who wants to be in your job?

My parents taught my brother and me that there is no substitute for hard work. They were right.

In addition, you're going to need to know our business inside and out, so be passionate and imaginative about how customers can get from Point A to Point B.

And, be sure to listen more than talk. You can learn a lot from your customers, team and other stakeholders.

What do you wish you had learned early in your career?

Two things immediately come to mind:

Time is not your friend. Every industry is being disrupted so the importance of speed cannot be underestimated.

Not making a decision is a decision.

What mentor or teacher has influenced your career most, and how?

I wouldn't be where I am without my many generous mentors. From my first mid-level manager, to my predecessor to dozens of people in between — they've all given me critical feedback in ways that helped develop my leadership style.

My parents taught my brother and me that there is no substitute for hard work. They were right." Mary Barra

Recently, Lean In shared survey results that three times as many male managers are uncomfortable mentoring women in the wake of #MeToo. Early in my career, I can think of a few male mentors who encouraged me to speak up in meetings, not to let men interrupt me and to stop saying sorry about things I shouldn't be sorry about.

Most importantly, they encouraged me to take leadership roles on working teams. It's one of the reasons I am committed to #mentorher and encourage my team to do the same.
Postive Score59.465020576131685
Negative Score39300.102880658436


Biased management, a history of promoting some people based on their achievements and not others, a lack of trust in company authority — correcting these issues can take a Herculean effort, and sometimes even requires a drastic overhaul in leadership.

If left unchecked, such problems can become deeply ingrained in a company's culture.

At smaller startups, leaders have an incredible opportunity. They can correct problems more quickly than their larger competitors, but they can also prevent them from happening in the first place.

"When you start a company, you don't have to change a paradigm that's already existing," says Christa Quarles, chief executive officer of OpenTable.

At the 2018 Fortune Most Powerful Women Summit in Laguna Niguel, California, Quarles spoke with women leaders about building an inclusive and diverse business.

"Building a diverse workforce is something you have to think of at the outset of your business," says Sara Clemens, chief operating officer of Twitch.

Look at your growth

"If you're not hiring in a diverse way from the outset, it's gonna show up in the culture, in how decisions are made, in what people walk away with," says April Underwood, chief product officer at Slack.

If you like to see progress, a small company is fun. You're in a speedboat, not a tanker ship." Diane Dietz, CEO and President of Rodan + Fields

Underwood is a member of #Angels, an investing collective advocating for women's early employment and leadership at startups. A recent study from #Angels revealed that more startup equity goes to male workers, which Underwood attributes to a lack of diverse representation at growing companies.

"In a lot of these companies, the first set of engineers show up — they're all men," she says. "They get incredible packages. The people who start at 150 or 100 employees, they only get 10% of that."

These early gaps in pay and equity shape toxic cultures down the road. But with the right forethought, they can be avoided altogether.

"If you're a good leader, HR is a critical right hand to you," says Diane Dietz, CEO and President of Rodan + Fields, a fast-growing beauty company. "You can't have it in your rearview window."

For Dietz, that meant thinking carefully about hiring when she joined Rodan & Fields two and a half years ago. As she watched the company grow from 300 employees to 700-plus, she said her leadership team had lots of conversations about how to hire people from both inside and outside the beauty industry.

"If you like to see progress, a small company is fun," Dietz says. "You're in a speedboat, not a tanker ship."

Look at your data

When she started at Twitch eight months ago, Clemens implemented a massive engagement survey, looking to find out more about how workers view the office culture and environment. Employees submitted more than 12,000 comments in response.

Twitch leaders sifted through the flood of comments to pick out specific areas of concern. This is something all companies can do, Clemens says, but new companies often prioritize shipping product over shaping culture.

"You see the importance of capturing that information just ignored, which means you're completely blind as to what is happening with one of your most important assets: your people," she says.

Sharing numbers with the workforce — and the customer base — builds accountability right away.

"If you can't measure it, you can't fix it," Clemens says.

Look at your message

We've heard it before: Company culture is shaped from the top.

After Quarles declared it her mission to reach gender equity — 50/50 male and female employees — on the OpenTable product team, the company instituted several changes. They anonymized résumé reviews to remove potential bias that filters out women or people of color, they relied on software to comb their job listings for words that may target some people over others, and they required more than one diverse candidate be represented on every interview slate.

"This isn't a man's issue or a woman's issue," Quarles says. "This is a leadership issue."
Postive Score59.4188376753507
Negative Score40400.1002004008


There's a piece of paper on Todd Nelson's desk that reminds him of how far he's come since he started his first business just out of high school.

On it, are two distinct columns: "winners" and "losers." On the left, is a list of the successful businesses he's started. On the right, the ideas that failed.

There are 19 in all.

There's a retail store called Native Sun (winner), a toy store called Giggle's (loser) and a jewelry store called Sax (it, too, failed). Near the bottom of the paper is one business written in all caps: "KALAHARI."

It's in the winner's column and it's Nelson's crowning achievement.

Kalahari Resorts and Conventions now hosts some three million visitors a year at its three indoor water parks in Wisconsin, Ohio and Pennsylvania. Last year, revenue for all three resorts was more than $300 million, a 27% increase from the previous year.

"When my wife and I were starting the business, we wanted to create a multi-generational family business," says Nelson. "It was a pipe dream that came true."

A wild ride

Nelson and his family had been running a pizza restaurant and a bar in his hometown of Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin, when he came up with the idea of opening his first water park eighteen years ago.

Known as The Waterpark Capital of the World, Wisconsin Dells is home to six large water parks and several smaller ones.

"My hometown basically invented indoor water parks," he says.

A boy rides the Flowrider, a surfing simulator at Kalahari's water park in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin.

Nelson wanted to ride that wave.

Most of the water parks in Wisconsin Dells had a wilderness or rainforest theme. Nelson wanted his park to stand out.

Inspiration struck during a family trip to South Africa in 1999. "On my first day there, I looked around and said, 'This is it'," he recalls. "I was struck by the people, the art, culture and music."

It was a pipe dream that came true." -- Todd Nelson, founder of Kalahari Resorts and Conventions

He named the park Kalahari, after the desert in southern Africa, and sought to create an experience for customers "like they are walking into Africa."

Nelson imported artwork, furniture and other decor from Africa, including stone figures, African paintings, carved doors and chairs decorated with beadwork and shells.

The first Kalahari resort opened in 2000 and boasted 272 single rooms and suites with themed names like Hut, Desert and Nomad. There were also five restaurants and, of course, the main attraction: a 74,000 square-foot indoor water park. (Nelson added a 25,000 square-foot convention center later that year.)

Ostrich egg-themed chandeliers inside the Kalahari workshop where props are made.

To fund the first water park, Nelson turned to local community banks for loans, which he has since refinanced in order to expand. Five years later, in 2005, Nelson cut the ribbon on the second Kalahari resort in Sandusky, Ohio. A third location came in 2015, when he spent $430 million to open his biggest park yet in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.

Nelson is now breaking ground on an even bigger location in Round Rock, Texas, which will include a water park, an indoor theme park, convention center and a 1,000-room hotel. The resort, which is slated to open in October 2020, will employ a staff of more than 1,500, says Nelson. Kalahari's three parks combined currently employ nearly 4,000 workers.

As he has expanded his water park empire, Nelson has come to realize he's had an important ally on his side: the economy.

"The indoor water parks business is recession-resistant," he says. "Not only can it be sustained year round, but even when the economy is slumping and families cut back on extravagant vacations, our bookings go up because indoor water parks are a much more affordable alternative."

A group of visitors get out of their inflatable tubes after riding the Lazy River at Kalahari's indoor water park.

A family affair

Nelson grew up on a farm. His father was an auctioneer and trained his young son in the skill. At 14, Nelson enrolled in an auctioneering school and then toured with his father for a couple of years, conducting auctions around the state when he wasn't in school.

"I was taught early how to make money," he says.

After graduating high school, Nelson got a job driving a beer delivery truck. That's when he noticed that the bar across the street was going out of business. So he borrowed a few thousand dollars from his parents and leased the space. He was just 20 years old.

"I didn't even know at the time how to pour a drink ... but I went with it," he recalls.

[Clockwise from top left]: Nelson conducting an auction as a teenager; tossing a pizza in the kitchen of his first Kalahari Resort in Wisconsin Dells; with his two sisters; with his mother Farlene; with his wife and his parents.

Three years later, he bought the restaurant next door. With a bank loan of $500,000, he turned it into a pizza restaurant.

It soon became a family affair. His family and his in-laws rolled up their sleeves and got involved in making the bar and restaurant a success.

"I was taught early how to make money," -- Todd Nelson, founder of Kalahari Resorts and Conventions

"We had the businesses for 20 years. When we sold it to another family, we were making $5 million [a year] in sales," says Nelson.

Not every entrepreneurial endeavor of Nelson's was a home run though. The one that still haunts him most was the Crystal Grand Music Theater, which he ran from 2011 to 2016.

"We had terrific acts like Blake Shelton and The Band Perry there. We turned down Justin Bieber though," he says. "I loved it. I got such a kick out of running it, but we couldn't sustain the business year-round."

Nelson (center), with his sons Travis (left) and Todd (right).

While the businesses may come and go, Nelson's family has stuck around.

All five of his children — ages 31 to 36 — work for the company, handling operations, sales, finance and the convention operations.

"It's very special that I get to work with my children every day," he says.

His number one employee, however, is his 82-year-old mother Farlene. Nelson says she's his top salesperson and he tries to have coffee with her every day.

"My mother raised me and my two sisters beautifully and told us we could get anything in life with hard work. She never let us feel poor growing up," says Nelson.

It's advice he adheres to today.

Still, he's careful not to dwell too much on the success of his water parks business.

"I am a paranoid entrepreneur. I know things can go away," he says. "But yes, it's been great."
Postive Score59.295499021526425
Negative Score41500.09784735812


New York (CNN Business) Netflix failed to deliver last quarter and was raked over the coals by Wall Street.

Now the streaming juggernaut has a chance to show that its most recent results might have just been a blip.

Netflix ( NFLX ) has yet to recover from its stock slide in July, when the company reported that it added about 1 million fewer subscribers than it expectedin the second quarter.

The company is huge — Netflix had about about 130 million total subscribers when it last reported results, dwarfing competitors such as Hulu, which said it had around 20 million subscribers this spring. (WarnerMedia, the parent company of CNN, owns 10% of Hulu.)

And while the most recent numbers — Netflix added 5.2 million subscribers overall — would have looked very impressive to just about any other media company trying to build a streaming service, it wasn't enough for investors who demand a dominant performance from the leader of the pack.

Netflix shares are still down about 20% compared to what they were trading at in mid-July. A big tech sell-off last week didn't help matters, either.

Wall Street is expecting Netflix to report more modest growth when it releases its third-quarter results Tuesday afternoon. Analysts at the research firms Cowen and Imperial Capital both estimate the company will say it has added just shy of 5 million subscribers.

Those muted numbers aren't necessarily a bad thing. The two firms expect Netflix to say the vast majority of new members are coming from outside the US. That would be a big positive for a company that is making an aggressive push for a global audience

David Miller, managing director at Imperial Capital, wrote last week that Netflix has "strong traction" in Europe and "continued uplift" in Australia and New Zealand. His price target for the company is $494 per share.

India is another promising place for growth, and Netflix has invested heavily in the country. "Sacred Games," the company's first original Indian series , was a "great success" when it debuted there this summer, Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos said during the last earnings presentation.

Cowen analysts, meanwhile, are pointing to Netflix's outsized success compared to its competition as a reason to stay optimistic.

Last week, the firm released a new survey that showed Netflix was the top platform used by customers to view video content on their TVs. The streaming service beat out basic cable, broadcast and a host of other streamers. Cowen raised its price target for Netflix from $349 to $400.

Even with its momentum and size, there are headwinds Netflix will have to overcome if it hopes to stay king of streaming.

Streaming media is becoming increasingly competitive. First, there are existing competitors, including Hulu and Amazon's ( AMZN ) Prime Video.

Then there is what is probably the most anticipated service of them all: Disney's yet-to-be-named streaming service , which is expected to debut late next year.

Disney ( DIS ) has already said it will pull content from Netflix ahead of that launch. The company is also close to finishing its acquisition of most of 21st Century Fox, which will give it an even larger library of popular films and shows. That deal also will give Disney a majority stake in Hulu, further increasing the company's influence in streaming.

If Netflix wants to fight off those competitors, it will likely need to spend a lot of money on creating more of its own original programming. And it's already building that library — earlier this year, Chief Financial Officer David Wells said the company expects to have about 700 programs available for customers by the end of this year.
Postive Score59.45945945945946
Negative Score41900.096525096524


San Francisco (CNN) When real estate developer Patrick Kennedy sought to grow his San Francisco-based firm, he faced a familiar challenge in the region: finding entry-level workers.

"We can't find janitors to work for $15+ an hour with benefits because no janitor can afford to live within a 1-2 hour commute of our building," said Kennedy, the owner of Panoramic Interests, a real estate firm that builds affordable housing options in the Bay Area.

The Bay Area's tech boom famously created an influx of companies, workers and jobs, but in 2012, it ignited a housing crisis that's made it difficult for many people, especially those in minimum wage or entry-level jobs, to live nearby.

Today the average annual income to afford a studio in San Francisco is $80,560, up nearly $4,000 from last year, according to data from the National Low Income Housing Coalition. In comparison, a studio in New York City -- often considered the most expensive city in the US -- required about a $60,560 annual income on average.

The skyrocketing costs show no signs of slowing. Affordable housing remains even more scarce as new tech businesses crop up and exacerbate the issue.

Professor Karen Chapple, who studies the governance, planning and development of US cities and regions at the University of California, Berkeley, agrees, noting her research found what's happening in the Bay Area is worse than other US cities.

Tech companies struggle to find entry-level workers amid the housing crisis.

"We have high tech jobs which generate a lot of service jobs: hair-cutting salons, nail salons and masseuses, yoga studios and dog care," Chapple said. "High-end jobs and low-end jobs [are] created at the same time, but you have a housing market that is really only producing for folks at the high end of the scale. There is a mismatch."

It's also hurting those entry-level workers who are paid an annual salary of about $50,000 in the region, Chapple said.

"If you're starting in the beginning of a career, are you going to choose to move somewhere where you have a two-hour commute?" she said

Kennedy said the problem is especially prevalent in trade jobs, such as electricians and plumbers. But the scope extends even further. Teachers, police officers and firefighters can't afford to live where they work. Restaurants have started using digital check-ins instead of hostesses and having customers get their own water and bus tables to offset a shortage of waiters. Even the tech companies drawn to the Bay Area for its resources and talent pool have had difficulty hiring college-educated entry-level workers.

Ryan Croft, the co-founder of TransitScreen, which powers screens with transportation info in cities, faced this challenge when deciding where to set up his company's headquarters. Croft moved to San Francisco from Washington DC when his company landed a contract with the city. His cofounder Matt Caywood stayed behind, so the pair could build out teams in their respective cities.

"We made a conscious decision to make the company bi-coastal," Croft said. "But eventually we consolidated and made one headquarters in DC. ... San Francisco gets all the headlines, but the high cost of living is spreading down the peninsula and through the East Bay."

Ryan Croft, the co-founder of TransitScreen, made a conscious decision to base his company in Washington DC instead of San Francisco.

Indeed, the annual income needed to afford a studio in Alameda County -- part of the East Bay -- is $61,600 this year, up from $57,400 last year, according to the National Low Income Housing Coalition.

Croft said basing the company in Washington DC allowed the company to save money without compromising on talent.

"We could get five engineers for the price of what we'd pay for three in San Francisco," he said. "We didn't need hundreds of thousands of dollars [to pay for talent]."

According to Glassdoor, most entry-level engineers in Washington DC make roughly $75,000. In San Francisco, the same job regularly earns more than $100,000.

Both Croft and Kennedy argue the tech boom exploited the city's existing flaws. In addition to a chronic lack of housing options, unreliable high-speed transit is another major challenge.

"If people get pushed out further and further, there are fewer reliable ways to get to work, so they opt for a car," Croft said. "But in many ways, [owning a car] is more expensive so it makes it even harder."

Companies are forced to get creative. San Francisco-based company Grand Rounds, a startup that matches employers and workers to medical providers, is attracting staffers by being flexible about allowing them to work remotely. It also has offices in Maine and Nevada -- states with a much lower cost of living.

"We are seeing that it's difficult for folks," said Peter Navin, the company's chief human resources officer. "We want to be flexible in our approach."

Grand Rounds lets employees work in the San Francisco office as part of a rotation program instead of making it the center of the company's universe.

Chandler Isaac, a digital marketing specialist at Ground Rounds, was with the company for about a year and a half when they offered to relocate her to San Francisco in 2016. When she accepted, Grand Rounds gave her three months to find an apartment.

"I was prepared for the worst," Isaac said. "Everyone I knew said it would be difficult and we would have to be ready with cash in hand if we wanted to get the place we were hoping for."

She and her boyfriend eventually settled on a two-bedroom apartment for $3,150 a month in the East Bay, where rent is a little more affordable amd her commute is under 30 minutes. She moved from Reno, Nevada, where her higher-end three-bedroom cost $1,800.

The city is taking steps to try to fix its housing crisis. Mayor London Breed has committed $100 million to affordable "modular" housing, where parts of homes are built off site and transported to the city for quick assembly at a cheaper cost.

"If we're going to make San Francisco more affordable, we need to increase our housing stock," Breed said in an interview with San Francisco's ABC7 in July. "We have, between 2010 and 2015, created one unit of housing for every eight jobs."

One particular area of focus is providing more affordable housing for government employees, such as teachers, so they can live in the same community they work. Breed said she's also creating a new position to oversee and speed up the building permit process. Currently, it take years for projects to get approved and for construction on new developments to begin.
Postive Score59.31098696461825
Negative Score43600.093109869646


Although cities continue to limit scooters despite strong customer demand, startups are trying to hack the rules with workarounds -- such as direct rentals to your doorstep.

The latest such move comes from Bird, the Santa Monica, California-based startup that pioneered scooter sharing . Its new Bird Delivery service drops off scooters by 8:00 a.m. at customer's homes and gives total control of them for a day. Bird picks the rentals up in the evening, recharges them and loans the scooters to someone else the next day.

Most companies rent scooters by the minute and allow riders to leave them on popular street corners and near transit stops -- a controversial move that has upset some cities' officials and residents

The company plans to launch the daily rental service in some of the 70 US cities in which it already operates by-the-minute rentals. Daily pricing hasn't been announced.

Generally, cities have restricted scooter companies to deploying only several hundred scooters. Bird and its competitors have asked cities to allow larger fleets but have seen little change.

However, direct rentals could open the floodgates for as many scooters and e-bikes as people wish to rent.

That's because Bird thinks a personal rental service should work differently. Caps on the number of scooters shouldn't apply there, the company argues. Bird may be limited to 300 shared scooters in a city, but it could deliver hundreds or thousands of scooters to customers' doorsteps, depending on demand.

People ride Bird shared dockless electric scooters along Venice Beach on August 13, 2018 in Los Angeles, California.

"This should be viewed no differently than if you decide to rent a Hertz rent-a-car for a day," David Estrada, head of public policy at Bird, told CNN Business. "We don't think from this perspective cities would have a real motivation to want to regulate these any differently than they do cars."

It's unclear how city governments will react to this argument. CNN Business contacted 12 cities governments where Bird operates. Most declined to comment on whether Bird Delivery scooters would count against their caps. But three cities -- Santa Monica, California; Portland, Oregon; and Baltimore, Maryland -- said personal rentals would count toward their limits on scooters. Additionally, Denver confirmed direct rentals are not allowed under its pilot.

Bird may not be alone for long in challenging the limits of regulations. Jump, the e-bike and scooter sharing brand of Uber, is exploring a similar service called Jump+ that would rent e-bikes directly to consumers on a weekly basis. Uber would not comment on whether it expects these vehicles to be capped by existing city regulations.

These programs could raise new tensions between startups and governments, which have expressed concern over riding scooters on sidewalks or parking them inappropriately on sidewalks. Safety is another critical issue. Scooter companies have called on cities to build safer infrastructure, such as a protected bike lanes, so cars and scooters don't mix. Last month in Washington DC, a man riding a scooter was struck and killed by an SUV. Meanwhile, a Cleveland woman on a scooter was killed after she was hit by a motorist in August, according to local reports.

Related: Cities give scooter companies a second chance

Bird said it is launching a rental service because scooter dropoff points have generally been placed in downtown areas, making the service inaccessible to commuters who live farther out.

The move follows a United Nations report released Monday that called for rapid, far-reaching and unprecedented changes to society to avoid disastrous global warming. The scooter companies see themselves as part of the solution. Transportation is the largest source of greenhouse gas emissions in the United States. Scooters use dramatically less energy than cars.

About 400 mayors, who call themselves the "climate mayors," have worked for years to build political will for policies to address climate change.

But for Bird, the pledges have resulted in little progress. "In our interactions with cities, we do not see them treating the climate crisis as a crisis," Estrada said. "The one thing that's surprised us the most is how many cities have been interested in limiting fleets to such low numbers. In some cities, it's not going to help them reach their climate goals."

The Climate Mayors did not respond to a request for comment.

According to Meredith Hankins, an environmental law and policy fellow at UCLA Law School, cities are failing to seize the chance to change infrastructure to take cars off roads, given their huge impact on climate change. Roads that are more welcoming to pedestrians, cyclists and scooter riders will promote that shift.

"These changes can be implemented in the next 15 months," said Hankins, who noted there's sometimes a lack of political will. In Los Angeles, multiple "road diets" -- which convert a lane of car traffic to a bike lane and parking -- were abandoned due to a backlash.

But scooter and e-bike sharing is so new there's a lack of research on their impact. According to Aseem Prakash, founding director of the University of Washington Center for Environmental Politics, it's a good thing for the climate if scooters replace Uber or Lyft car trips -- but not if people gravitate away from public transportation.

"We're rushing into a technology without really thinking through it," Prakash said. "How do scooters impact my propensity to use my own car, or Uber or Lyft, or to take public transportation? These questions aren't getting asked."

Although many cities may be gunshy about allowing more scooters on streets, some cities such as Baltimore said they may loosen their caps after the pilots end. But how daily rentals fit into this future is unknown for now.
Postive Score58.31062670299727
Negative Score45800.090826521344


(CNN) You see your phone light up from the corner of your eye and instinctively reach for it. What started as a simple notification check snowballs into an hour-long session as you swipe through rows of notifications and scroll through endless social media feeds.

This is by design.

From app developers to tech behemoths such as Google and Facebook, companies have spent years working to make consumer technology as addictive as possible. After all, time spent with their products could equal big bucks for the company.

However, that's starting to change, and we could be at the precipice of a shift in how software is designed. Apple and Google are implementing new features aimed at curbing phone usage, and apps like Instagram are rolling out features intended to help you manage your time with the app better.

So, why are they doing this, and is it enough?

Tristan Harris previously worked at Google as a design ethicist, and he saw first-hand how developers worked to capture people's attention and hook them in. He was part of the infamous " Facebook Class " from Stanford. Led by instructor BJ Fogg, who oversaw the Persuasive Technology Lab , they studied how to "persuade users to take certain actions," according to Wired.com. The article stated that the class " developed the techniques to make ... apps and gadgets addictive " and that members of the class went on to create Instagram and design products at companies such as Google, Facebook and Uber.

Fogg told CNN that he disputes the characterization that his class taught people to create addictive technology.

Speaking about his time working at Google, Harris told NPR's TED Radio Hour that "at the end of the day, it was about capturing attention."

"You know, how would we hook people into spending more time on the screen or driving more page views or getting people to click on ads?"

JUST WATCHED Apple wants users to stop staring at their phones Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Apple wants users to stop staring at their phones 03:35

After leaving Google in 2016, Harris went on to found a nonprofit that is now called the Center for Humane Technology , and he started the "Time Well Spent" movement.

"With Time Well Spent, we want technology that cares about helping us spend our time, and our lives, well -- not seducing us into the most screen time, always-on interruptions or distractions," Harris says

The movement made waves in Silicon Valley and set in motion a sea change in the tech industry.

How are tech companies addressing the issue?

Apple responded with the introduction of tools in its new iOS 12 operating system aimed at informing and empowering users to better manage their smartphone usage and parental controls that allow parents to better monitor and control their children's phone time.

Apple's Screen Time dashboard in iOS 12

Screen Time is an activity dashboard that gives users a detailed breakdown of how much time they spend with each app, how often they pick up their phone and how many notifications they've received from each app. You're able to set daily limits, which lock the app after you reach your limit. Granted, the lock is easy to bypass; it's more of a reminder that you have reached your limit as opposed to a true barrier to use.

Parents, however, are able to set hard limits on the phones of their children, completely locking them out of apps or categories once they reach their allotted time.

"Consumers -- and parents in particular -- are up against teams of engineers and psychologists designing technology that's meant to keep us constantly engaged," said Christine Elgersma, senior editor of parent education at Common Sense Media. "Even with tools that tell us we're checking Twitter 100 times a day, we may still feel the same compulsion to check because of the way devices and apps are made."

Google has included similar tools in the upcoming version of Android Pie that it's dubbed "Digital Wellbeing," which is currently in beta testing. The tools offered by Apple and Google are almost mirror images of one another, but Google goes a bit deeper than Apple. For instance, the app icon is grayed out once users hit their limit, and to get around the app limit, users have to open the dashboard to manually remove it as opposed to simply clicking the ignore pop-up with iOS 12.

Google also offers a "Wind Down" feature to set at bedtime, which automatically puts the phone into Do Not Disturb mode and puts the entire screen in grayscale mode. No notifications will show up on your phone, and losing all color on-screen is certainly an incentive to put your phone away.

Google's Digital Wellbeing dashboard in Android Pie

"These are band aids," Adam Alter, author of "Irresistible: The Rise of Addictive Technology and the Business of Keeping Us Hooked," tells CNN. "Instead of actually producing tech that's good for us -- that helps us live better lives -- these tools basically suggest that the tech itself can't be improved, so we're stuck with trying to discourage or curb usage."

Alter believes that the way technology is designed needs to be changed so that the addictive features are more consumer friendly and truly good for your well-being. However, he does not believe that change will happen anytime soon, even if these "companies have a moral obligation to minimize the harm they do."

Will new tools impact the bottom line?

Google makes most of its money through ads, and limiting screen time can potentially have an adverse impact on its profits. Still, the company is investing in Digital Wellbeing. Even if Google's products never get to the point of being friendlier to consumers, as Alter has suggested, Google has made a conscious decision to put profits at risk.

Tips on tech usage in children Christine Elgersma, senior editor of parent education at Common Sense Media, offers these tips: Maintain an ongoing, open conversation with your kids around media and tech to stay involved in their digital lives.

Choose media that's developmentally appropriate and provides educational opportunities.

Coach your kids about how to maintain safety and privacy online.

Teach your kids how to be good digital citizens and media savvy consumers and creators.

"We take our responsibility to our users and society very seriously and strive to build products that make people's lives easier, not detract from them," a spokesperson for Google tells CNN. "We have been working hard to add key capabilities right into our products, and our goal is to help users achieve the balance with technology they're looking for, with a focus around awareness of their current behavior, and controls to help them interact with their devices."

"At this point we know devices are here to stay, and we see that there are effects around how we use it," Elgersma says. "Instead of psychologists working to keep us hooked, what if we had child development experts involved in the development of tech kids are using, especially since those creating tech often aren't yet parents?

"What if we funded research and education around these issues so that the generations who are growing up online with devices were better equipped to use them responsibly and knew the proven, long-term effects of overuse? So, we all have an obligation for kids, but the responsibility should be shared more equally, starting with those who create the tech in the first place."

When is screen time a problem?

There are still no clear guidelines on what constitutes tech addiction, but it's a growing concern likely on the minds of parents everywhere as they see their kids' faces constantly glued inches away from a screen. And everywhere you go, you're all but guaranteed to see people buried in their phones.

"The term 'tech addiction' is itself empty," Alter says. "Tech itself is only the vehicle for hundreds of different experiences, some of which undoubtedly become addictive for some people. They vary considerably, so I prefer not to use a single label to describe them, though most are delivered on screens."

Apple and Google may be the two biggest culprits, as their products are the vehicles to deliver these experiences. However, Facebook deserves a fair amount of blame, as CEO Mark Zuckerberg acknowledged in a blog post earlier this year, directly referencing the Time Well Spent movement. The social network announced plans to roll out changes aimed at making interactions more meaningful.

Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg

"By making these changes, I expect the time people spend on Facebook and some measures of engagement will go down," Zuckerberg said. "But I also expect the time you do spend on Facebook will be more valuable. And if we do the right thing, I believe that will be good for our community and our business over the long term too."

Facebook and Instagram have begun to roll out features to better engage with their platforms, and users will soon have access to an activity dashboard, a daily reminder limit and more controls over notifications.

"What matters most in the long run is that people connect and share in meaningful ways on our platforms," Ameet Ranadive, Product Management Director at Instagram, tells CNN. "It's very important that people feel like the time they spend with Facebook and Instagram is time well spent."