
India Videos

Check out the latest news videos from The Times of India covering wide range of topics - news videos, breaking news, politics news, big political debate, current affairs news, business news, world news, science news, education news etc. Watch videos of big news events as and when they happen and videos of other top stories from around the world only here. Stay updated with The Times of India news videos.
Postive Score50.0
Negative Score50.0



Postive Score50.0
Negative Score50.0


Sorry, this content is not available in your country
Postive Score60.0
Negative Score40.0


9

Coffin

If you dream of a new tomb and a coffin, it means that any worries that you have now will be over soon. If you see someone putting a body into a coffin in your dream, it means a bonus will come to you. To see a dead person rise out of the coffin in your dreams is good, for this means you will earn much money. Dreams about cemetery indicate that you should consider marriage seriously, and the name on the gravestone would be the name of your lover's name in the future.
Postive Score50.0
Negative Score50.0


If one is to believe research, the bathroom is a pretty popular place to have sex. According to a 2014 survey of 1,000 respondents by Durex, which studied the average American’s fantasy vs. reality orgasm experience, 54 per cent of the respondents said they were satisfied with sex in the shower. If you want to be part of that happy club and wash away any embarrassing memories of sex in the shower, read on.There may be a lot to love about shower sex, but it does require some prepping—and working out. “To pull off shower sex, both partners need to be as flexible as a yoga practitioner. It calls for upper body and lower body strength to support each other’s body,” says Milan Vohra, India’s first Mills & Boon writer.Specially designed shower accessories are now available to make shower sex safe. Skid-proof mats, single-locking suction footrests as well as single and dual-locking suction handles make it easier for couples to steam things up in a variety of positions. They also reduce the risk of slipping.Consensus on the water temperature may sound like a non-issue, but is a deal breaker for many. Erotica writer Scarlett Grey says, “My husband and I like to spice things up a bit sometimes. One day, my husband got into the shower and started off the mechanics of the whole thing. I took off my clothes, got in and almost screamed! That was the day I realised my husband likes showering in scalding hot water.”It’s easy to get caught in the moment, but both partners should know that condoms too are prone to slipping in the shower. “Also, don’t use soap or shower gel as lubricants because they can cause irritation. Use silicone-based lubes or even vegetable oil instead,” adds Dr NandKishore Shapur Kamalakar, Senior Consultant, Urology at Columbia Asia Hospitals, Bangalore.If you’re not still convinced about shower sex, use the steamy shower stall to work up some lather and love hormones. “Finish up in the bedroom and return to the shower to cool off,” says Vohra.
Postive Score76.66666666666667
Negative Score23.333333333333332


Next Story : Your best source of bone nutrition

While attraction between two people may be physical, mental or emotional, there is another element that could cause sexual appeal – the smell of a person. Sceptics take note, there are in fact studies that prove it. A study from the Chapman University in the USA says that while it may not drive potential mates into a 'lustful frenzy', it is a subtle sexual indicator. The Scent of Eros, a book by James Vaughn Kohl, explains how odour preferences develop and change with puberty, how sex drive can be influenced by smell and so on.Found in most animals – humans included – prehormones are scent signals or chemically airborne messengers, which are released from the body. They can elicit arousal, among other behaviours in prospective partners. However, different men react to different women differently, and vice versa. Prehormone signals are picked up by the nose, travel to the brain through nerves, where they can alter emotions, hormones and behaviour.While natural scents and odours attract partners, perfume companies add to the charm. Simple fragrances like flowers, fruits, musks also help boost attraction. In addition, some perfume companies claim to add human hormones (!) to make their scents more appealing to the opposite gender. Whatever be the case, the bottom line is that perfumes can lure the opposite sex into being attracted to you.While it can definitely cause sexual attraction and initiate the first flush of romance, the smell cannot make you fall in love in the true sense – and keep your partner for all eternity! That is a connection that has to be forged in other, more practical ways.
Postive Score68.88888888888889
Negative Score31.11111111111111


There’s no denying that every girl—no matter what age—loves even just a touch of colour to complete an outfit. From a casual day look, a night out with her girls, to even a wedding, no look is complete without the right makeup to go with it.That said, there’s always some new eye shadow palette, lipstick shade, blush or even foundation to try out, that before you know it, you have more makeup than you’ll never need. But yes, as every girl knows, you can never have too much, but that come with one downside—the lipstick we just couldn’t do without is replaced with another shade that we can’t do without. Before long, we’ve completely forgotten about it till it’s probably a little too late. But, how late is too late? Well, that depends on the type of product.Here’s how to tell when it’s time to say goodbye:
Postive Score68.08510638297872
Negative Score31.914893617021278


Next Story : Take care of your coloured hair with Wella

A just published study from Cornell University's Cornell Population Center showed with empirical evidence that if each partner in a cohabitating relationship earns the same amount, they are less likely to part ways. In other words, equal pay ensures a stable partnership. Yet misunderstandings over money issues can always come up. Here are some common grounds for friction:Both of you may earn the same or each of you may belong to different income slabs. But your individual goals can strike discordant notes. For instance, you might want to save money to buy a house within five years, but your partner may want to put the money in various kinds of investment vehicles. You may end up having disparate wealth management plans. And, experts say, this can cause trouble.That can be a huge friction point. One of the partners may be a spendthrift while the other would like to tighten the purse strings. Differences in spending habits can therefore be a source of perennial trouble.Normally, he would like to take charge in managing finances. If finance management responsibilities are not evenly apportioned to each other, there can be trouble in your paradise. As a couple, you need to fix how both of you can be equally responsible for taking care of household finances. Don't get fixated on traditional gender roles insofar as managing finances is concerned. Split the bills and behave as equals.Again, the question of habit can play a major part. If you partner is prone to taking high financial risks while you want to play safe, there can be fights. For instance, he wants to live on EMIs for every little thing while you believe in saving and buying only those things that you cannot live without. Avoid such traps.For instance, you have put your money in some high-risk investment vehicles, but you haven't informed your partner yet. Similarly, your partner might have procured loans and have never spoken to you about them. This secrecy or withholding of information, experts say, is a recipe for disaster. Transparency and clear communication are the key.
Postive Score62.71186440677966
Negative Score37.28813559322034






Next Story : Tips to invest your money wisely

Gluten-free, vegan, raw, keto and so on…We have heard or read these names thanks to their popularity either with celebs or diet enthusiasts. And while they may work for some, they are not entirely free of cons especially if they restrict certain food groups. The different diet philosophies out there can be confusing—and there’s a new one being raved about every other month. So, which one will help you with your goals? Faye Remedios gets the expert view.After much research, we’ve come to the following conclusion: No single diet offers the magic formula for health. It’s a matter of working with your body type and listening to your gut—literally. A healthy gut keeps several health issues at bay and also adds a healthy glow to your skin. Perhaps you’d prefer to incorporate elements from the different ideologies out there to arrive at a plan that keeps you feeling light, energetic and satisfied, besides noticeably boosting skin and hair health. To help get you started, we decode some popular diets and get experts to weigh in their pros and cons for us. All you need to do is discuss it with your own doctor before you take the plunge and start on any one of these diets.In a nutshell, this diet excludes any foods that come from animals, including dairy products and eggs. Instead, the focus is on fruits, vegetables, leafy greens, whole grains, nuts, seeds and legumes. The ideology behind veganism goes beyond diet and includes a wider sphere such as concern for the environment. It’s as important to support sustainable agriculture and reduce your carbon footprint as it is to give up milk.Vinod Channa, celebrity fitness trainer lists the benefits: “Vegan diets are cholesterol-free and low in saturated fat. They can help in lowering blood pressure. If you’re at risk of developing chronic diseases such as heart disease or cancer, this could be the ideal diet for you. Apart from this, vegetables, fruits, beans and legumes are rich in antioxidants, which are important because they have the ability to protect your cells from the free radicals caused by a number of things, including pollutants such as tobacco smoke and radiation.”It’s not easy to stick to such a strict diet, because vegans steer clear of any animal products and by-products. This includes honey. If you choose to go vegan, you may have a hard time picking from the menu when dining out. But the good thing is, due to the high popularity of this diet, several eateries offer vegan food options these days, and you may even find cafes that are only vegan. Channa says, “There are vegan sources for most nutrients, but it might be a challenge to consume enough of them. Take iron and vitamin D, for example. Vitamin D isn’t typically found in the vegan diet, but can be obtained through exposure to sunlight. When people think iron, they typically think meat. But beans and leafy greens are also good sources, and you can increase iron absorption by coupling them with foods that are rich in vitamin C. You’ll also need to supplement vitamin B12, which only occurs naturally in animal foods.A healthy diet should include some form of protein in every meal. Since vegans forego typical protein sources like meat and eggs, they have to incorporate it through different means. If you’re thinking about going vegan, it’s time to stock up on soy, quinoa, lentils and beans. And beware of overly-processed meat substitutes, which can be packed with sodium and preservatives. Check the label before opting for that frozen tofu burger.”It is a good idea to join a vegan group or consult a nutritionist if you plan to go vegan as it can be difficult in the beginning and having help around never hurts.A gluten-free diet is one that excludes glutinous grains, i.e. wheat (and its products), rye and barley. It is usually recommended to people who are suffering from celiac disease or are unable to digest wheat. The diet is rich in wheat-free grains like rice, poha, quinoa, oats, fruits and vegetables, and restricts the consumption of processed foods.Yes, some people are sensitive to gluten—even if not terribly allergic—and consuming it can lead to inflammation. Once you stop eating gluten, a lot of the problems reverse themselves and go away. Channa warns that a lot of processed foods contain gluten. “If you’re paying more attention to your diet by searching for foods without gluten, then by default, you’ll be eating far less processed food. That's a good thing, because you’ll also be eating fewer chemicals and preservatives. Besides, your overall health could improve. For example, eliminating gluten can definitely help you lose weight. Even those suffering from migraines can expect some relief by eliminating gluten.” Going gluten-free also lowers your risk of developing certain diseases. For example, you’re less likely to get type 2 diabetes or anaemia, and even people with type 1 diabetics may benefit from skipping the bread. Finally, a gluten-free diet ensures that you’ll eat more good carbs, and fewer refined bad carbs.Gluten-free food tends to have more sugar and preservatives to mask the taste of certain ingredients and is also priced a little higher than wheat products. Nutritionist and fitness trainer Suman Agarwal points out, “Wheat is ubiquitous in most Indian cuisines, and eliminating it would remove various foods like broken wheat and rava from your diet, which can lead to deficiencies of vitamin B Complex.” One of the biggest cons associated with a gluten-free diet is the lack of certain important nutrients such as folate. Unfortunately, most gluten-free foods don’t have the amount of folate you need, due to the fact that they aren’t fortified.So, before you decide to go gluten-free on a whim, it is best to consult your doctor and figure out if you should really make the change or simply cut down on gluten in your diet. Once you have a better idea, let a dietician monitor your meals so that you don’t miss out on essential nutrition.Also called intermittent fasting, this diet encourages your body to use stored energy—glycogen and fat— as its primary fuel, which can, over time, reduce your risk of developing chronic disease. The premise is that you eat normally for five days a week, without any restrictions, and fast for two days, i.e. keep your calorie intake under 500.Anju Majeed, director and senior scientist at Sami/Sabinsa Group, says, “This diet helps you lose weight and keep it off, reduces your risk of developing cardiovascular diseases and diabetes, and lowers blood pressure.”You need to approach this one with caution, especially if you’re diabetic or prone to sudden drops in sugar levels. Channa says, “Any plan that swings severely from one extreme to the other will be a struggle for most people to stick to. They’ll go back to their old eating habits in no time. Also, the concept of eating ‘normally’ for five days of the week is open to interpretation. While focusing on a set amount of calories, you might miss out on getting the right nutrient balance.”Any extreme diet that is not sustainable is termed as fad diet and it can wreak havoc with your system. Even though you will see the desired the result, and that too quickly, it is not the best and healthiest way forward. So, don’t just go for the quick results, also think about the long-term health implications.This one emphasises on eating primarily plant-based foods, such as fruits and vegetables, whole grains, legumes and nuts. It also encourages you to swap butter for healthy fats such as olive oil and canola oil, and to use spices and herbs instead of salt to flavour your food.This diet is very heart-friendly as a large percentage of what’s on your plate is monounsaturated fat, which reduces the risk of heart disease, unlike the cholesterol-spiking saturated fats and transfats. Channa says, “The Mediterranean diet has a high concentration of cancer-fighting antioxidants, because of its emphasis on fruit and vegetables, its focus on regular physical activity and its reduced sodium levels, thanks to the elimination of processed foods.”The fact that this diet does not detail the exact amount of servings required can be confusing. What it does instead is list out the total macronutrient distribution. Again, calorie intake or physical activity parameters are not given, so you could be flummoxed if you’re looking for specific measurements. Channa weighs in, “Lastly—moderate consumption of wine—one to two glasses per day is encouraged when following the Mediterranean diet. This may not be advisable for people taking certain medications, or those with elevated triglycerides or pancreatitis.” This is also an expensive diet as it involves investing in huge quantities of fresh produce. Agarwal says, “If you’re looking to lose weight, this isn’t the best option. Plus, salt is the basic spice used in Indian cooking and this diet favours herbs. And then, olive oil and canola oil are the preferred oils, but their low smoking point makes them unsuitable for Indian cooking.”While this diet certainly has great health benefits and is overall a good one, if you think you cannot sustain it, you can alternate between a Mediterranean diet and another one that suits you. But do consult your nutritionist before making drastic diet changes.As the name suggests, this one requires you to eat only uncooked food that is heated to not more than 140°F or 40°- 46 °C.Pros: Uncooked food tends to retain all its water-soluble vitamins, like vitamin C. Agarwal says, “It also eliminates all processed foods from your diet. So, it is automatically free of trans-fats, saturated fats, refined flours, sugars and sodium. Also, since the diet is abundant in fruits and vegetables, it helps ease constipation and keeps your cholesterol and blood pressure levels in check.” This diet is rich in healthy fat and fibre. Preeti Seth, cosmetologist and nutritionist at Pachouli Spa & Wellness Centre, says that it works very well for weight loss.First and foremost, Seth warns that it’s very difficult to live on uncooked food and it takes a lot of motivation to keep going. Besides, cooking sometimes increases the amount of essential nutrients in the foods, like lycopene. Agarwal cautions, “More importantly, cooking tends to destroy any toxins and bacteria in the food. Raw foods can lead to stomach infections (food poisoning and gastroenteritis). They are not gentle on the digestive system.” A 100 per cent raw food diet is not the best choice for everyone. Mamtaa Joshi, image and fitness consultant, says, “Most of us need some balance between cooked and raw foods for optimal vitality over the long term.”You need to be extremely careful of what you eat if you plan to go on this diet. Excess of fruits is also not a good idea and since this focusses on eating naturally raw foods, it could lead to a problem especially if you have health conditions like diabetes. So, this has to be followed under the guidance of an expert.While these diets are definitely better than unhealthy foods that we consume like junk food that are loaded with calories with hardly any nutritional value, they do have to certain cons or are difficult to sustain unless you are completely focussed. So, make an informed choice and start small by making little dietary changes that you can sustain for long. Once you get used to eating this way, your body will also show the results. As with anything new, patience is key so don’t expect results overnight, it takes weeks to undo bad habits. And if once in a while you do crave for something that you like, it is fine to give in and have that piece of chocolate or slice of pizza as long as you go back to eating healthy from the next day.This article is for information purposes only; consult your dietitian for further advice.With inputs from Kriti Saraswat SatpathySHUTTERSTOCK
Postive Score60.54054054054055
Negative Score39.45945945945946


reason we love

Wear your favourite off-white sari with the most simple pattern and pair it with a printed shrug or jacket. Dress like a celeb, enjoy a further discount on this look by using ‘FeminaShop’ as the coupon code.
Postive Score60.63829787234043
Negative Score39.361702127659576


What was A P J ABDUL KALAM like as a young boy? Author STUTI AGARWAL reimagines his childhood in her new book ‘Adventures Of Young Kalam’

Adventures Of Young Kalam

By Stuti Agarwal

Publisher: Juggernaut

Pages: 169

Price: Rs 199

The island of Rameswaram was slowly stretching out of its slumber when eight-year-old Abdul Kalam, bathed and dressed in his light-blue shirt and shorts, tiptoed his way out of the bathroom in the backyard and into his corner of the family bedroom, where his mother and siblings were sound asleep. As the soft sunlight washed over the peaceful town, the crickets bowed out of their nightlong murmur and the birds sat up to sing a morning melody. Out on the boats in the distance, the fishermen belted out a folk song as they unfurled their nets for the first catch of the day. Some sat by the sea, lotas in hand, making their morning bowel rounds.

The smell of freshly squeezed milk from the cows in the neighbourhood filled the air. As it mixed with the salty sea breeze and the sweet aroma of idlis being steamed by Chandru the snack seller, Kalam’s stomach growled with hunger. But he had no time. Ready to leave, he stuffed everything on his study table — books, pencils, broken eraser pieces, worksheets, half-eaten toffees, origami models and other titbits — into a canvas satchel and slung it across his shoulder. After stepping out, he looped a string through the latch of the main door, for his mother to pull open from the inside, and bolted the door shut— a trick he had perfected over time in case Puttu, Chandru’s pet monkey, decided to raid the kitchen.

‘Abbu,’ Kalam called out to his father, who had just set out to pick coconuts from the family-owned grove, ‘wait for me, I need a ride to the market.’

Jainulabiddin Marakayar was a simple man of habit. Known for his good sense, every morning he would take a walk around the town, stopping for cups of tea with anyone who had an urgent matter to discuss. After breakfast he would go down to his boat at the seashore and begin a day of ferrying people to and from the mainland. The evenings were reserved for long chats with his closest pals, Pandit Shivaprakash and Father Joseph de Mello, and the nights to listen smilingly to his wife chitterchatter.

Kalam climbed on to the front bar of his father’s cycle, grabbing the middle of the handlebar, and off they went.

Rameswaram was a small town, part of the Madras Presidency. On a regular day, Kalam loved to walk along the long, sandy shores that made up most of his home town, but today he was in a hurry. He had a serious mission to accomplish with his best friend Balli.

‘I had a beautiful dream today, Abbu,’ piped Kalam. ‘Well, tell me about it, son.’

‘I saw myself in a never-ending library. It had books up to the sky and far into the horizon. It had sections for all the subjects,’ the eyes gleaming with joy, reflecting his magical world. Together the duo pedalled through a narrow patch of sand, breathing in the sweet smell of the tamarind trees that surrounded them.

‘That sounds like your favourite kind of dream,’ said Abbu.

‘It really was! I sat there for days, reading about Archimedes, Isaac Newton, Benjamin Franklin, Albert Einstein…’

‘Wow. Slow down, son, I don’t know any of these names, except Newton of course.’

‘Oh, I can tell you all about them, Abbu. Let’s start with Archimedes. He was a scientist and mathematician, born in two hundred and eighty…’

‘I’m not going to remember any of this, Avul. But why don’t we continue this at home?’

‘Okay,’ said Kalam. ‘But, Abbu, don’t morning dreams come true?’

‘Yes, son, dreams do come true,’ laughed Abbu, patting Kalam’s head.

In a town where Kalam was a misfit, where almost everyone called him and his ideas looney and often shooed him away, telling him to go do what ‘normal’ kids his age would do, Abbu was his biggest supporter.

October 15 is A P J Abdul Kalam’s birthday
Postive Score61.53846153846154
Negative Score38.46153846153847


As the #MeToo campaign gains momentum, SRI SRI RAVI SHANKAR offers solutions to prevent violence against women

Women should speak up. When they stand and speak up, in future, people will be more careful. They will not use them as objects, as use and throw stuff. In the entertainment and advertising industry, women are used more as objects; they are not respected as human beings. However, this was in the past decades, but now no more, that practice will have to change; women should be respected for their personality…they should not be used as a tool for finding one’s goals and aims. Women must speak up and their dignity must be respected and preserved; this is very important.

Be Stress-free

Only a stress-free society can be a violence-free society. In a society, which has stress and tension, you can’t expect violence to go away. So first and foremost is to teach people to reduce their own stress and stress means what? Too much to do or too many desires, too little time and no energy. Nowadays, needs don’t seem to become less, at least increase the energy level; time is the same, you can’t change the time. There should be more interaction between people.

Violence against women happens more when there is gender-based segregation psychologists say.

We should stop these violent (video) games. I would say the film industry also contributes to violent tendencies in people. You see, a ‘hero’ is so aggressive; he is so full of anger and hatred. People see intense emotions in their role models; people want to emulate them. If your role models are full of anger, aggression, violence, then you end up imbibing those qualities. You must move away from all such aggressive and violent entertainment.

Another is pornography. By seeing porn your head boils and your thought gets all muffled; there is no clarity and no awareness of what you are doing. If you happen to go to jail and talk to criminals there, you find that this is what happened to them. At some point of time, they lost control of their mind and they did what they did. Creating awareness is very important. In India, women are honoured and worshipped as Devi, as an incarnation of divinity. But you may ask then why there is so much violence against women? I think these are two different people. People who honour women as incarnation of the goddess are totally different from those perpetrating violence. It cannot be the same people; both of them are in the same country though.

Building better personalities is what we need. People, who are creative, will not go into violence or aggression. Lack of creativity is also a cause of violence against women, because you have energy. If it’s not channeled in a creative manner, then it wants to go in a procreative way. This drive for sex, can blind a person and they may become violent against women. They think women are objects for their pleasure; there is no honour; there is no mutual respect there.

Another thing is drug and alcohol; you see in villages in India, even in America, men drink at night and beat up women. In the morning, when they come to their senses they apologise and women patiently, some helplessly undergo this torture. Women also have to play a role in bringing prohibition.

Alcohol can ruin a person’s life; it has ruined families; it’s the cause of many families going below the poverty line. Prohibition is absolutely essential.
Postive Score58.44155844155844
Negative Score41.55844155844156


The deepest bond is between mother and child — perhaps this is why we find solace and security in invoking the Supreme as mother, says MATA AMRITANANDAMAYI

The tradition of invoking the Supreme as divine mother has been prevalent in India and in other parts of the world in many ancient traditions. All four Vedas praise the Parashakti, supreme energy, as Durga Suktam, Sri Suktam, and other such forms. In the Ramayana, Rama invokes Goddess Durga to enable him to vanquish Ravana. Similarly, in the Mahabharata, Krishna instructs the Pandavas to seek the blessings of Goddess Durga to gain victory.To wed Krishna, the gopis invoke Durga.The tradition of Devi worship is intrinsic to our culture.

Sanatana Dharma gives one the freedom to engage with God in whatever manifestation one prefers, as what is called one’s Ishta Devta. It is well established that in all worldly relationships, the deepest bond is the one between mother and child. This is perhaps the reason why we find comfort and security in invoking God as mother, the all-pervading Jagadambika.

Mother And Child

The love and affection a mother has for her children is without parallel. She is always protective of her children and wants to help them. Under her protective wing, a child enjoys life without fear or sorrow, experiencing only joy. But along with faith, we also definitely need self-effort. Regardless of how many mistakes a child commits, the mother always forgives the child and showers it with love.

An ordinary mother’s love is restricted to her own children. The Mother of the Universe, on the other hand, has this same love for all of creation. It is a selfless love that flows equally to all creatures alike.

The Mother of the Universe is also the cause for the universe’s creation, sustenance and dissolution. Like the sun and its light, like honey and its sweetness, like the veena and its melody, like word and meaning, the world and the power of God that exists as its foundation are inseparable. In that sense, everything we perceive in this world is but a different manifestation of the divine goddess.

This universe and nature are pervaded by the same Supreme Shakti, by pure undivided consciousness. Matter is nothing but absolute energy in manifested form. It is this principle that is depicted as Ardhanarishvara, Shiva and Shakti, feminine and masculine energies. Matter is the container and the true Self is the content. Hence, the world is God. So, the Divine Mother is not just a form but is all-embracing, all-powerful consciousness. To perceive her presence, we need maturity and purity of mind.

Once there was a spiritual seeker who walked and walked to finally reach a man sitting under a banyan tree. Thinking, perhaps that the man would know, the seeker asked him the way to Truth. The man replied, “As you walk on, you will see a man sitting under a banyan tree. I will tell you exactly how to identify the banyan tree and the man. The man looks a lot like me. He is your guru. If you depend on him, he will help you reach your goal.”

Hearing this, the seeker continued on his way. He walked and walked for 30 years. One day, he found himself back under the same old banyan tree. The banyan tree looked exactly like the banyan tree he had been searching for. Under the tree sat the same man he had seen 30 years before. Oh! My guru is the same man! The seeker was shocked. He said to the guru, “What a shame! Why did you waste 30 years of my life?”

The guru replied, “I didn’t waste it. I described exactly what the tree and guru looked like. But you didn’t really look at this tree. You didn’t really look at my face. I’ve been waiting here for you for the past 30 years. I knew you would come back. You have now gained the maturity you lacked back then.”

Even when a mosquito sits on the udder of a cow, it drinks only blood. A frog never enjoys the nectar of the lotus, for it eats only the mosquitoes in the pond. But the bees come from afar to taste the nectar. Similarly, even if a devotee is in close physical proximity to his guru and has studied his teachings, unless the devotee’s heart is open, he lacks the attitude of surrender and humility that is necessary to attain the Truth. For spiritual study to be effective, the seeker first needs maturity. The seeds of our spiritual practice should first be sown in the field of devotion. When they sprout, they should be transplanted into the field of knowledge to get a good yield.

God talks to us in the language of silence. When thoughts subside and the mind becomes calm, we can hear the melody of God who constantly resides within. God sees and knows all our thoughts, actions, silence and everything else because all beings in creation reside in that infinite and Supreme Shakti. Isn’t a mother able to understand the meaning of her toddler’s glances and garbled words? She understands even the child’s silent moods. Similarly, Devi is able to know her devotees’ desires, even without them telling her what they want. Perhaps Devi prefers the prayers of the mind that is silent and meditative — without thoughts — rather than those of minds filled with countless desires. She is the Supreme Energy that silently knows and does everything, yet is unattached, untouched and, like the infinite sky, witness to everything.

Due to our past actions and desires, there will be happiness and sorrow in life. Only through acceptance can we move forward peacefully. Only this moment is with us — even our next breath is not in our hands. So, in this moment, let us be happy. Like any other decision, happiness is also a decision. Even if we choose to laugh or cry, the days will pass away. So, let us try to smile and be cheerful. Let us engage ourselves in good actions. Let our words be filled with kindness. Let there be compassion in our gaze.
Postive Score62.4113475177305
Negative Score37.5886524822695


Parama Purusha is Consciousness personified. He is not bound by relativity. In some minds, the bondage of relative factors is so great, and the mental outlook is so narrow, but a person who is free from bondages and has become one with the Macrocosmic Mind has attained abhedajnana, non-discriminatory knowledge.

When the unit mind becomes as expansive as the universe, it becomes one with the Cosmic Mind. And when the unit mind becomes one with jivatma, the unit consciousness, attaining the state of mindlessness, it becomes one with Paramatma, Supreme Consciousness.

Realised people are respected as mahapurushas, divine personalities, by society and are revered and honoured. In philosophical terms, these people, having traversed the path of sainchara, Consciousness to matter, and pratisainchara, matter to Consciousness, have ultimately reached their cherished desideratum. That’s why they are venerated. All great personalities have attained the highest spiritual plane through intense meditation.

Those who claim their path to be the only one create communal conflicts. Those who run down another teacher or path must not be encouraged to do so. One should always remember that all great personalities of different religious communities deserve equal respect. They are the collective glory of human society.

We may have built a new path of movement for spiritual progress of society according to the needs of a particular age – a path which may be somewhat different from the one on which great personalities trod before us. But that does not mean that we will not extend our respect to those venerable personalities. It is only by learning from teachings of various faith leaders that we are able to evolve our own vision of the path we wish to tread, and find the strength to do so with dedication and without dismissing any other path. There is room for many paths.

Now the question is, how can people acquire this non-discriminatory knowledge? One way to do this is through the practice of Ishvara pranidhana and abhidhyana. By Ishvara, we mean the Supreme Controller of the universe, the Supreme Object of ideation for all living beings. Hence Ishvara pranidhana means to let the entire psychic energy flow towards Ishvara. And dhyana means anudhyana. When sadhakas feel that the object of meditation – which is their life and soul – is eluding them, they immediately make the effort to pursue it.

Through (this) the unit mind remains continuously absorbed in the ideation of the Supreme Entity and finally merges in Him and consequently overcomes the influence of vishvamaya, universal illusion, the creator of numerous differentiations. At this point, the sadhakas, spiritual aspirants, finally attain non-discriminatory knowledge. To attain this stage, worldly knowledge, social position, and skin colour are of no importance whatsoever. Even the different systems of worship, sacrifice, incantation, ostentatious devotion are insignificant. In psychospiritual practice the mind plays a vital role – external rituals have no place.

When the unit mind goes beyond the jurisdiction of the indriyas, the sensory, motor organs and samskaras, the seeds of reactive momenta have been completely destroyed, it becomes altogether non-existent. In that state of complete mindlessness, the jiva, unit being, gets completely merged in Shiva. The mind, after reaching the sahasrara, the pineal plexus, does not return. And due to the obliteration of spatial differences, the sadhaka experiences dissolution.
Postive Score63.54515050167224
Negative Score36.45484949832776


If you are trying to avoid particular situations or people at work or home, you may be stressed. Act on it as prolonged stress can harm you in multiple ways, writes Saliha Nasline

Stress is not always bad. When it is in small doses, it can help you perform under pressure and motivate you to do your best. But too much of it will surpass your capacity to manage it. When you are over the top, it means you have exceeded your stress threshold.

KNOW YOUR LIMIT

It is the stage when an individual loses the capability to tolerate or withstand stress. It will result in a person’s performance declining to the minimum. Stress thresholds may vary from person to person, situation to situation and are based on individual strengths (mental and physical), said Dr Naveen Jayaram, consultant psychiatrist at Sakra World Hospital, Bengaluru.

Stress is the ‘wear and tear’ our minds and bodies experience as we attempt to cope with our changing environment. Stress threshold can be monitored based on the parameters — that is when someone badly wants to escape or avoid the source of stress. The desire to avoid the major stressor is a key indicator of stress, Jayaram added.

Dr Vihan Sanyal, psychotherapist and founder of Mind Factory, a mental health portal, said: “Many people continue to live and work in high-stress environments. They are often unaware that some symptoms such as frequent headaches, frequent temper outbursts, disturbed sleep and racing thoughts are linked to stress. One should be aware of the common symptoms of stress and do a self-check. Your stress threshold is when it starts to impact your day-to-day activities.”

HOW STRESS HITS YOU

Stress affects the cognitive processes. Common signs may include frequent headaches, weig loss or gain, disturbances in sleep patterns and eating patterns, frequent illness, inability to concentrate, mood swings, and turning hyperactive and oversensitive. In some cases, the individual may suffer from depression as well, said Jayaram.

“Stress often results in an vidual to come up with suicidal thoughts, harming oneself or his or her dear ones. It also makes an individual to lose self-esteem. Take the help of a professional, engage in stress-free activities. Counselling does help in getting out of stress. If the stress goes beyond the limit of a person to bear it, and medicines don’t work, consult a therapist,” he said.

According to Dr NK Venkataramana, neurosurgeon at BR Life SSNMC Super Specialty Hospital, Bengaluru, “Prolonged stress may affect the body’s immunity and hormones. It may result in excess anxiety and lack of concentration.”

Sanyal said: “When stress hits you, you try to avoid stressful situations like attending meetings at work, avoid making phone calls to people you find difficult to deal with, avoid conversations with your spouse, etc. You start to feel helpless and begin to lose control of the situation.”

PROLONGED STRESS AND HEALTH

Chronic stress, experienced over a prolonged period, can contribute to long-term problems for the heart and blood vessels. Also, continuous stress can affect our musculoskeletal system, respiratory system, oesophagus, bowel movement, nervous system and reproductive system.

Prolonged stress will increase stress hormones in the body. These stress hormones like corticosteroids can cause depletion of chemicals in the neurons of the brain, resulting in emotional and cognitive symptoms like decreased memory and lack of interest. Gradually, if these disturbances are not addressed, they can get converted into chronic diseases. If you are facing any of these symptoms persistently in the absence of any medical problem, it might be because of stress, Jayaram said.

ACT, DON'T POSTPONE

It is never too early or too late to seek help from a professional, said Sanyal.

“Many people in foreign countries attend weekly and biweekly sessions with a mental health specialist to help deal with their levels of stress. Seeing a mental health professional doesn’t mean that you are mentally ill. It is always better to seek help early in order to prevent many mental health disorders which are linked to stress, like clinical depression, anxiety and OCD (obsessive-compulsive disorder),” Sanyal explained.

If there is a sudden increase in stress levels, it causes changes in the sympathetic nervous system that controls involuntary body processes and can lead to sudden rise in blood pressure. A diabetic patient should make sure not to get overstressed, as stress in a diabetic patient could lead to a sudden rise in blood pressure and controlling the blood sugar becomes difficult, said Venkataramana.

PREVENT BURNOUT

Whenever a job requires constant focus and fire-fighting, it can lead to a state of burnout. If a person lacks the required knowledge or skill to do a job, it can lead to burnout. To prevent burnout, we need to ensure that we are able to cope with the responsibilities. If we find that we can’t, then we need to find alternative options and coping mechanisms. It may require us to acquire additional skills and even to delegate tasks to others and to be vocal about feeling stressed and seeking help, explained Sanyal.

According to Jayaram, “There are some activities to follow to achieve a stress-free life. One should have good sleep and healthy food; one should practise meditation and do exercise. One should also develop a habit which he or she is passionate about, thus cultivating a way to divert the mind from unnecessary thoughts.”

SMALL CHANGES, HUGE IMPACT

Making key lifestyle changes can result in reduction in stress and thereby achieve better health overall. Jayaram advised: “Identify whether you are comfortable with your current work pattern, do not allow your past work experiences to affect your current work. Change your thinking: reframe the situation to change the way you look at things. Forget powerlessness, dejection, despair, failure; focus on your strengths and seek out the positive. Change your behaviour: be assertive (learn how to say ‘no’), prioritise objectives, duties and activities, make them manageable and achievable. Don’t overload your mind, develop a support network through friends — sometimes sharing your feelings helps. Change your lifestyle to include regular exercise, deep breathing exercises, pranayama and good diet.”

Saliha.Nasline@timesgroup.com
Postive Score58.17694369973191
Negative Score41.8230563002681


When the state government of Odisha identified and deregistered 137 Bangladeshi nationals from the electoral rolls this month, it marked a turning point. The last time the state took concrete action on illegal immigrants was a quarter century ago under late Chief Minister Biju Patnaik.

What makes this especially noteworthy is the state’s different demographics in comparison to those states where illegal immigration has been a hot button issue, and what this might portend.

The issue is nearing a climax in Assam, with the ongoing implementation of the long-pending National Register of Citizens (NRC), and its associated disputes. Demands are being made for similar exercises in other states, notably by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) for the state of Bengal.

Unlike Assam and Bengal, Odisha’s share of all minorities in its population is far lower, with a 2011 census figure of 6%. Nevertheless, Odisha too has had its share of controversies about changing demographics. These have included disputes about conversions by Christian missionaries as well as Hindu ones, occasionally leading to violence. The murders of Australian missionary Graham Staines and his two children in 1999, and Swami Laxmanananda in 2008 (and the dozens who died in the riots that followed) remain gruesome testaments.

In recent years, the narrative of a massive influx of illegal Bangladeshi immigrants into India has taken hold. Though the Union government admits there are no verifiable figures, it estimates there are 20 million of them in India. They are said to constitute a significant percentage of all construction workers, as well as household help.

Similarly, Odisha has been abuzz with reports of a sharp growth of illegal immigrants. They are concentrated in the coastal district of Kendrapada, which I represented in the Lok Sabha. It is on the Bay of Bengal, across from Bangladesh on a stretch of sea frequented by fishing boats. With efforts by many – including my repeated interventions in Parliament – a Coast Guard aerial reconnaissance unit has been set up in Odisha, as well as a few “marine police stations” in the coastal districts.

Though the state government claims Odisha has fewer than 4,000 illegal Bangladeshis, most people believe the number is many times higher, based on anecdotal evidence. Like most states, Odisha had taken illegal immigration lightly, and been unenthusiastic about implementing even Supreme Court rulings to identify and deport. So why has it woken up now?

The answer is politics. In a campaign speech last weekend, BJP president Amit Shah explicitly asserted what had long been expected to be a key part of his strategy for the next general elections: the identification and deportation of illegal immigrants. To consolidate its vote base, the party seems to be doubling down on its appeal to nationalism. And that is probably paying off, for nothing else explains Odisha shaking off its torpor with this sudden call to action.

One of the chief reasons for decades of nationwide sloth on this subject was that it had been successfully converted into a “secular” issue. But it was an open secret that many such immigrants gradually acquired ration cards and other forms of local identification with the connivance of local leaders, and ultimately enrolment on electoral rolls.

Several political parties and commentators to the left of centre continue to dispute this widely accepted scenario. But their argument that “communalists” have simply victimised Indian Muslims by terming them Bangladeshis is so far not backed by evidence. The reported anomalies in the Assam NRC don’t count, since it is still work in progress, with provisions for rectification, and in any case is under SC scrutiny.

Apart from Union government estimates, statistics support the likelihood of large scale illegal immigration over a long period. For instance, in the first three decades after independence, Assam registered a population growth 50% higher than the national average, indicating in-migration. That is corroborated by the subsequent demographic changes.

The BJP seems keen to shun a “communal” tag, and has been trying to distance itself from such execrable phenomena as cow vigilantism, even as it redoubles efforts on the “nationalism” front. The latter is its “secular” path to rallying the base and even expanding its vote share. But its opponents are determined to sully that effort. On the immigrants’ issue, apart from the NRC kerfuffle, they point to the Modi government’s Citizenship Amendment Bill, easing restrictions on non-Muslim immigrants from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan.

At first glance, the bill may indeed appear communal, and some in the opposition are calling it a violation of the Constitution’s clause 14 on the right to equality. But, in fact, the concept of providing safe haven to religious minorities fleeing persecution from neighbouring countries, as distinct from non-persecuted groups seeking economic opportunities, is well accepted. Though the non-inclusion of persecuted Ahmadis of Pakistan, and Rohingyas fleeing Myanmar, will need to be debated, there is nothing fundamentally communal in the bill.

Globally, decades of laissez faire attitudes to illegal immigrants are collapsing under voter anger, and India is no exception. Of course, in states that have experienced dramatic demographic changes, old style “secular” parties may still profit from being soft on illegal immigration. But the turnaround in Odisha, with still largely unaltered demographics, may indicate a tipping point in national attitudes.
Postive Score57.10843373493976
Negative Score42.89156626506024


In an important judgment yesterday, Supreme Court has wisely refrained from disqualifying those charged by courts from elected office. Criminalisation of politics accompanied by rising influence of money and muscle power pose a fundamental threat to democracy. But half-baked and drastic solutions like disqualifying those charged by courts as sought by the petitioners are not the answer.

The framing of charges by a court is just an intermediate stage in criminal law procedure between the filing of chargesheet by police and commencement of trial. Conviction or acquittal follows a rigorous process of examining prosecution and defence witnesses and evidence during trial. In contrast, framing charges require judges to merely take a prima facie view of the chargesheet and supporting/ opposing arguments to decide whether there is sufficient evidence to put a person on trial. But the slow pace of trials in India and the influence commanded by politicians conspire to give MPs and MLAs a long rope.

This could explain why SC on Tuesday issued directions requiring candidates and their parties to declare criminal cases and give due publicity to criminal records. Unfortunately, the tactic of shaming politicians and parties to reveal criminal records hasn’t had much success in changing voter perception. But civil society groups have scraped valuable data from election affidavits revealing the extent of criminalisation of politics. SC’s 2013 Lily Thomas judgment striking down a provision protecting convicted lawmakers from immediate disqualification was a key moment in the fight. That was a critical judgment which disqualified convicts like Lalu Prasad Yadav and VK Sasikala.

Having passed the full legal process till conviction there was no room for these leaders to cry foul. In contrast, disqualifying at the inconclusive stage of framing charges will lead to bias and political witch hunts. Fast tracking cases against politicians is the best solution available. In Delhi, local police stands exposed after AAP MLAs were discharged or acquitted in 20 of 23 cases by special fast track courts set up to try cases against MPs and MLAs. ADR’s analysis of election affidavits reveal nearly one-third of India’s MPs/ MLAs declared criminal cases. Fast tracking the serious cases to conviction, acquittal, discharge or closure will clean up the Augean stables.
Postive Score56.71981776765376
Negative Score43.28018223234624


The trade war between US and China has escalated over the last few days in a series of retaliatory tariffs. Chances of resolution are ebbing away as the trade war is a symptom of a larger strategic competition between the two countries. Collateral damage from this friction is being felt by the multilateral WTO, which is tottering as neither of the two economic behemoths is likely to pay heed to its judgments if it doesn’t suit them. In this situation an emerging market such as India can only wait it out, while being nimble and flexible enough to spot opportunities in this churn. India must also use this phase to enhance the efficacy of its domestic economic architecture.

The last four years have been tough on India’s merchandise exporters, who have suffered an erosion in their competitiveness. The only durable solution to their problems is an acceleration of and more integrated approach to domestic reforms. Moreover, the fallout of the trade war between US and China provides a country like India opportunities which didn’t exist a few months ago. As US and EU companies with a large manufacturing base in China seek to de-risk their operations by shifting some of it out, India must be in the game. So far, it’s the more nimble Vietnam and other southeast Asian nations which have cornered benefits.

Even China’s selective escalation of tariffs provide opportunities for Indian businesses. These need to be grabbed. Simultaneously, we need to work on long-term competitiveness. The ongoing exercise to operationalise a national logistics plan, for instance, must be seen through if the stated aim of bringing down logistics costs to below 10% of GDP from the current level of 14% is to be met. Regardless of the trade regime that evolves over the next few years, it is the more efficient economies that will corner opportunities. India needs to gear up for this phase.
Postive Score56.86274509803921
Negative Score43.13725490196079


To combat severe spinal arthritis, I underwent major surgery on my back last year. The surgeon reconstructed three vertebrae using titanium rods. Alas, one and a half years later the pain is almost as bad as before. On every post-operation visit, he takes an X-ray of my back. He looks admiringly at his handiwork, almost as though he is in love with it. “It looks really good,” he says.

Sorry, I say, but the operation was supposed to end my spinal pain, and it hasn’t done so. Don’t worry, the X-ray shows you are doing fine, you will get better in due course, says the surgeon, giving the X-ray another admiring gaze. This operation has left the surgeon delighted, without curing the patient.

I was reminded strongly of my own sad story when the government decided to celebrate September 29 as ‘Surgical Strike Day’, on the second anniversary of its strikes on terrorist camps across the border. The University Grants Commission instructed all colleges to celebrate too. It seems that Surgical Strike Day may become a hardy annual.

In 2016, rising violence in Kashmir by Islamic militants culminated in attacks on Indian forces at Uri and Pathankot. This stoked public anger, and Narendra Modi’s strongman image was at stake. His party had always claimed to be the most patriotic and ultra-nationalist, the most committed to get tough with enemies. So, to retaliate against Uri and Pathankot, Indian troops were sent on September 29 that year across the Line of Control in Kashmir to hit various terrorist camps. The government called it a “surgical strike”. It created much elation in political circles and the media about having taught Pakistan a lesson.

Two years later, we must ask, what was the impact of the strike on Pakistani and militant activity? Did it solve or greatly mitigate India’s problem? The answer is disconcerting. Sandeep Bharadwaj of the Centre for Policy Research estimates that in Kashmir, the number of insurgency-related fatalities went up from 267 in 2016 to 358 in 2017. The number of estimated infiltrations went up from 371 to 406. And the number of civilian deaths increased by 166%.

Two years on: Killings in Kashmir have risen as has

border violence, but strikes did make Indians feel good

Pakistani support for militants remained undiminished. Border violence also worsened. India-Pakistan ceasefire violations more than doubled in 2017 compared with 2016. And Pakistan has just elected a new prime minister, Imran Khan, who has long been cozy with both the militants and the Pakistan Army.

In sum, India is no more secure than before. Yet the government keeps crowing about how fabulous the surgical strike was, and how well it was executed. This reminds me of my own back surgeon. He too crows about how beautifully he did the operation, and how wonderful the X-rays look. In the case of both my back and Kashmir, the operation has done more for the surgeon than the patient.

The surgical strike in 2016 was short and swift, a hit-and-return tactic. It was a shallow penetration, no more than one kilometre into enemy territory, killing and wounding a modest number of militants. Pakistan’s first reaction was to say it was unaware of anything more than the usual border incidents. Later it admitted, and independent foreign journalists confirmed, that the strikes were real. But they said they resembled a mosquito bite more than surgery. Pakistan declared that it would not be cowed by such tactics and warned India not to trifle with a first-strike nuclear power. Violence in Kashmir continued unabated.

The surgical strike was mostly political theatre. It made most Indians feel good, without greatly disturbing Pakistanis. Such an outcome has its uses.

Many Indians have long called for really tough retaliation against Pakistan, such as aerial bombing of terrorist camps across the border. However, Pakistan will not take this lying down and will retaliate, maybe by sending its own bombers into action. This could lead to dangerous escalation between two nuclear-armed countries. That should be avoided.

Surgical strikes may be political theatre, but that is far better than armed escalation. The Indian public has long wanted to teach Pakistan a lesson for supporting militant attacks. After Uri and Pathankot, something had to be done. The surgical strikes constituted a limited operation, doing enough damage to satisfy the domestic audience, without being heavy enough to stoke dangerous retaliatory escalation.

This is not a solution to the Kashmir problem. But it is a useful way of assuaging the Indian public and thwarting armed escalation. Whether it should be celebrated annually is another matter.

PS: I don’t celebrate the anniversary of my back surgery. It’s not even political theatre.
Postive Score56.889763779527556
Negative Score43.110236220472444


Like ZigWheels Forum? Now stay updated with your favourite auto content and user discussions!
Postive Score56.889763779527556
Negative Score43.110236220472444


Like ZigWheels Forum? Now stay updated with your favourite auto content and user discussions!
Postive Score56.889763779527556
Negative Score43.110236220472444


Like ZigWheels Forum? Now stay updated with your favourite auto content and user discussions!
Postive Score56.889763779527556
Negative Score43.110236220472444


Like ZigWheels Forum? Now stay updated with your favourite auto content and user discussions!
Postive Score56.889763779527556
Negative Score43.110236220472444


Copyright © 2018 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved.
Postive Score56.889763779527556
Negative Score43.110236220472444


The World Bank launched a new Human Capital Index (HCI) last week. Made up of five indicators – child survival up to the age of five years, adult survival up to the age of 60 (without survival capital, human or otherwise, wouldn’t mean much), child stunting, expected years of schooling and quality of learning – it assesses the human capital that today’s children can expect as adults and, likewise, their prospects of survival and success in a rapidly changing world.

As per the 2017 HCI rankings, India’s performance was slightly better than that of sub-Saharan Africa, but lower than its regional south Asian as well as its lower-middle income group averages.

For a country that aspires to be the fifth largest economy in the world by 2019 and among the third largest in the next 10-20 years (finance minister Arun Jaitley on 30 August), international rankings on human development, human capital and the like do not go down well. Not surprisingly, a statement from the finance ministry said that the government “has decided to ignore the HCI and will continue to undertake its path breaking programme for human capital development aiming to rapidly transform quality and ease of life for all its children.”

No doubt, the government has launched several key measures to tackle the human capital deficit in the country, especially since the introduction of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan in 2000-2001, with the most recent being Ayushman Bharat. These measures have led to improvement in the fortunes of millions of children and have raised the human capital status of the country substantially, if not sufficiently.

There is clearly an evolving political consensus at the national level towards this end – it has been there for a long time in HCI-developed states like Kerala – and, quite rightly, HCI does not capture the work-in-progress or ongoing progress, focussed as it is on outcomes. A child born in India today would, most likely, have better overall prospects vis-a-vis his or her counterparts born in the past.

Let me, however, raise two issues here. One, there is no such aspiration for development of human capital in the country as there is for economic growth. Arguments such as ‘we first need growth to invest in human capital/development’, have become passe and very boring now. Bangladesh is poised to overtake India in terms of per capita income by 2020 – thanks to its better performance in terms of human capital, among other factors.

Has there ever been a statement from the finance ministry stating an ‘aspiration’ to make India one of the top ten countries – forget the fifth or third best – in the world in terms of human capital? Where there is an aspiration, and a will, there would most certainly be ways to achieve it. Is Jaitley or anyone else in government willing to issue such a statement?

Two, there is already enormous and rising inequality in human capital in the country. Is there any aspiration in the government to address the ‘massive human capital gap’ or ‘barriers to nurturing human capital’ – two of the goals of the World Bank’s HCI project – within the country?

On 28 April 2015, the Union health minister wrote a column in this newspaper (‘So our children may live’), in which he argued that “vaccines also have long term benefits for individuals and society by contributing to improvements in cognitive development, educational attainment, labour productivity and economic development.” I have argued in a forthcoming book that beyond shots of vaccination, children in India need a shot of justice not just to survive up to the age of five years, but realise their potential and contribute to aggregate growth and development.

Even in terms of vaccinations, despite being the world’s top manufacturer and exporter of vaccines, only 62% of children in India aged 12-23 months received all eight basic vaccinations (2015-16) compared with 65% in Sri Lanka (back in 1987), 78% in Nepal (2016), 84% in Bangladesh (2014) and 93% in Maldives (2009). Within the country – 89% of Sikh, 63% of Hindu, 56% of Buddhist and 55% of Muslim children received all basic vaccinations; with the percentages of such children among the lowest and the highest wealth index being 53% and 70%, respectively.

Survival inequalities up to the age of five years are more worrisome. Children whose mothers had no education had an under-five mortality rate of 68 vis-a-vis 27 for those whose mothers had twelve or more years of education. Hindu children had the highest rate compared to those from other religions, with scheduled tribe and caste children being much worse off than upper caste children. Inequality by wealth index was most worrisome – a rate of 23 among the highest wealth index vis-a-vis 72 among the lowest. And this is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to inequalities in terms of human capital achievements within the country.

Can we expect a statement from the finance ministry that addresses the gaps and barriers to human capital within the country, and make India one of the top ten countries within the next 10-20 years?
Postive Score57.95246800731262
Negative Score42.04753199268739


Today’s “Sweetu” may be tomorrow’s “Me Too”. Doing the rounds on WhatsApp this one-liner shows the image of a man carrying his sweetheart in his arms, a girl who might then become his nemesis. It is often in the nature of humour to overlay underlying anxiety, and this tongue-in-cheek epigram might be read both ways. A very boys-like way of deflating an extremely serious issue affecting thousands of women. Or, we might read in it an underlying anxiousness that is now affecting men in their workplaces. A nervousness which might sadly end up affecting aspiring women.

The #MeToo movement has been immensely powerful and a landmark in its potency to redraw the lines of what is acceptable workplace behaviour on the part of men, especially men who are in positions of power over women. #MeToo has sounded warning bells to such men who feed on a sense of easy entitlement over women colleagues or other women professionals. Through #MeToo women in workplaces and industry have screamed out against harassment and abuse, against any form of intimidation, and for strong and staunch equality.

For women, equality means equality to work without being made deliberately conscious of your gender, your body, or what you choose to wear. Equality in every sense of it. And, that very same equality and strength comes with its responsibility. Responsibility in not expecting to be treated any different from men when it comes to non-performance issues, or any disciplining matter.

For if women allow the lines to blur between, say, a censure for non-performance (from their bosses or colleagues) and sexual harassment, then they do end up weakening our ongoing movement for greater gender equality. If any odd unpleasantness between a man and women in the workplace gets marked as sexual harassment, we stand the risk of hindering somewhat this ongoing sensitisation on women’s rights.

Sexual harassment has the ability to wreck lives, ruin careers. It is a very serious matter as not only women but also men will increasingly vouch. If therefore, we as women, do not guard against random raisings of the spectre of sexual harassment, we make room for disservice to the cause. We allow a reifying of the skewed gender perspective expressed by ‘woh to ladki hai, yaar’, ie she’s just a girl, treat her with gentle care. Treating women with kid gloves is not something that any professional woman worth her salt would like to see as a repercussion of an enabling #MeToo.

Every man with any agenda to hurt or humiliate a woman co-worker will think it over many times now that the #MeToo movement has gathered momentum. Apparently the Bollywood film industry, going ahead, is resolving to include in work contracts the clause of sexual harassment and its repercussions – a huge step forward. Yet in industry circles (and not just films) there are whispers – ‘better hire a man and not a woman for this job’. Why? Because the job in question involves travelling or late hours with a male boss. A strategy of risk management. This recoil will hinder women, make them lose out on jobs.

But possibly, with the campaign for outing workplace sexual inequality running its rightful course, we will see such insecurities on the part of men dissipate. When the movement itself draws the lines between sexual harassment and what is not sexual harassment. When not only do sufferers and survivors have access to protection and instruments of redress but also when a persistent mechanism for due process ensures justice for all concerned.

With #MeToo, many new questions have been asked. Is a ten-year old allegation even valid? Why didn’t the victim pursue her case then and there? Ten or twelve years is no matter. What matters is closure, and the sense that things will change fast now. What will also be transformed is, what so-called ‘little things’ will now count as evidence, and the empathy that will hopefully be with a woman who comes forward with her ordeal. We who have given #MeToo our strength must look forward to equality, of women and men, of workplace freedom, and freedom from fear and suspicion, for each and every person, woman or man.
Postive Score56.440677966101696
Negative Score43.559322033898304


In an interesting turn, Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu has emerged as a new force for opposition unity against the NDA government. Naidu is reportedly leaving no stone unturned to reach out to opposition parties, including Congress. This is surprising since Naidu and his Telugu Desam Party had long subscribed to an anti-Congress plank. In fact, TDP had squarely blamed Congress for the messy Andhra bifurcation. But Naidu has had a bitter falling out with NDA since, on the issue of the Centre failing to grant special category status to Andhra.

Political compulsions underlie Naidu’s stance, as no Andhra party can be seen to be with BJP under present circumstances. Naidu has stitched an alliance for upcoming Telangana polls that includes TDP, Congress, CPI and Telangana Jana Samithi. In Andhra, however, Jaganmohan Reddy’s YSR Congress has been highlighting the fact that TDP and BJP were in alliance for four years. This in turn is feeding anti-incumbency that Naidu is wary of.

Thus a TDP-Congress tie up makes sense in Andhra too, on the hypothesis that present grievances matter far more than past grievances. An alliance with Congress could provide Naidu enough cushion to beat anti-incumbency and blunt YSR Congress’s challenge. And Naidu is eyeing a similar opposition arrangement for the 2019 Lok Sabha polls. However, considering his weakened position, he has not thrown his own hat into the ring as leader of a potential mahagathbandhan at the national level. On the other hand he is reported to be keen to play the role of kingmaker, offering his good offices to bring other opposition players together.

But opposition unity at the national level is hampered by state-level antagonisms, such as that between YSR Congress and Naidu’s outfit. Any mahagathbandhan project will have to climb a steep uphill slope negotiating these antagonisms. Given those limitations, Naidu’s may be a good face for the opposition unity project. Unlike Congress president Rahul Gandhi – who is seen as inexperienced at governance – and Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee – who comes across as too mercurial – Naidu is an astute politician with a commendable development track record. Hence, with regional parties still not fully comfortable with Congress leading the opposition unity project – as recently exemplified by BSP’s reluctance to tie up with Congress in Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh – Naidu could serve as a foil to get opposition parties on a common platform.
Postive Score55.466237942122184
Negative Score44.533762057877816


Reserve Bank of India’s deadline on an April directive, that all data related to payments must be stored only in India, ended yesterday. Despite lobbying by global payments companies seeking either a dilution of the directive or an extension of the deadline, the central bank did not budge. Government too reportedly backed RBI. Payments data, like telecom-related data, will in future be stored only in India. It’s a welcome step which comes at a time when the rapid penetration of organised financial intermediaries into hinterlands provide Indian regulators the means to get their way.

RBI, in its directive, said the aim behind payments data localisation is better monitoring. A spin-off is likely to be more investment in digital infrastructure in India. At this point in time, this benefit more than offsets the additional costs companies will have to bear to adhere to data localisation requirements. From a regulatory standpoint, there is a strong case for RBI to seek localisation as against mirroring, where the data is stored in India as well as payment firms’ servers overseas. Payments data is sensitive and the regulator’s requirements need to be prioritised.

The current development should also be seen in the context of the debate on a much needed data protection legislation. The groundwork for it has been done by the BN Srikrishna Committee, which supported localisation in some contexts. However, India’s technology industry has been a beneficiary of a seamless internet. Therefore, the benefits of localisation must also be weighed against the need to keep India’s technology and knowledge processing sectors competitive. For the moment, RBI must make sure that localisation of payments data is accompanied by a legal framework which enhances the layers of protection and clearly fixes responsibility. In addition, enhanced monitoring should provide a bulwark against money laundering.
Postive Score56.65101721439749
Negative Score43.3489827856025


Why is it that we introduce chief guests as people who need no introduction and then we proceed to send everyone to sleep with a lengthy introduction of their stellar achievements. In reply that worthy will then say he will only speak a few words (or briefly) because he doesn’t want to stand between you and the entertainment or whatever and your heart sinks like a non-swimmer in the deep end because you know that sunshine will still be blathering on twenty minutes from now, his few words multiplying like rabbits on the rampage.

Then he will always tell you how delighted he is to be here tonight to address this august audience and he deems it a great honour. And you look around you and you cannot see even a spoonful of august-ness, more like a glob of October-Novembers and a few young March-Aprils dragged in by mum and dad and as for the honour, that’s dubious at best. It would be so refreshing if some speaker came up and said, frankly, this evening was up for grabs, i am getting paid for this and getting a decent gift, no, not those silly bouquets that get left behind, something tangible and since the large majority of you don’t give a fig what i am going to say i’ll just place my thanks for calling me on record and spring off the stage.

Then the emcee comes along and mangles the pronunciation and designation of the top honcho for the night and begins to sprinkle all those excellencies and honourables and sundry other honorifics that fall on us aspiring august lot like confetti.

But then what really ticks me off is the ‘travel economy class by air’ attitude to the majority of us. It doesn’t matter whether it is a school or a seminar or a high profile convention after they have gone through the whole pack of cards they refer to the 2 of clubs as ladies and gentlemen, total common garden variety.

Above us is the other 51 categories looking smug. Now, i may lack majesty and am not a highness, nor an Admiral nor a Chief anything and my wife will gladly confirm that ‘distinguished’ is not the first word that leaps to mind when in reference to me but when it stretches to dignitaries and i am excluded i feel the pain. What is a non-dignitary? After the nine-yard litany you get the bit about distinguished guests, dignitaries and then L and Gs. Thank you kindly. If i couldn’t even make the cut for dignitary why did you invite me to your function and what sort of organisers invite those whose dignity got left behind. To fill the auditorium, probably.
Postive Score57.03479576399395
Negative Score42.96520423600605


By MN Kundu

Durga puja covers a lot, including God-consciousness nurturing nature, being mindful of wealth, learning and fine arts, wisdom, military prowess and also the Absolute. It embodies mother worship, gender equity, victory of good over evil and cosmic spiritual power over temporary brute force. Ultimately, one overcomes the ego and the obsession with mundane and material needs, towards achieving unison with cosmic consciousness.

The Absolute, infinite spirit is manifested through Shakti, with divine properties. Power principles like existence and its essence are inseparable like fire, its energy and illumination. Ancient seers contemplated a comprehensive and convenient image of Shakti for invoking the Absolute as primordial energy – the cosmic principle of will-force, wisdom, and dynamism of doing. The concept of Devi Durga encompasses all these as manifestation of the supreme power of the Absolute.

The concept of Divine Mother as the focal point of human worship is found way back in the Harappan civilisation. Literary record of the same is traceable right from the Rig Veda where we find the wonderful hymn, Devishuktam. Here the goddess declares that she is the supreme power behind all creation. The Kenopanishad refers to her as Uma Haimavati. In Tantra cult the goddess acquires different dimension in the form of ten great wisdom forms, as Dasha Mahavidya. In Devi Mahatmyam, in Markandeya Purana, venerating the Mother Goddess acquired even more importance.

Devi Durga, literally meaning the deity protecting devotees as durga, fortress, is invoked as the creating, nurturing, protecting, loving and above all liberating deity of the devotees. Apart from looking after us during our earthly abode she ultimately delivers us from the darkness of delusion by cutting our sense bondage with ten weapons in her ten hands leading to final dissolution of the indomitable ego by making it realise the supremacy of the cosmic life force behind creation as all creatures owe their existence to her.

The image of Durga as Mahishasuramardini is comprehensive. We seek refuge in God predominantly for material prosperity, protection from enemies, intellectual and artistic excellence and finally for ultimate realisation overcoming human bondage. The four offspring of the goddess – Lakshmi, Saraswati, Ganapati and Kartikeya – are the givers of all material gifts as the deities of wealth, learning, wisdom and overpowered by the goddess standing over a tame lion, the symbol of subdued animalism.

Apart from the spiritual undercurrent, a series of mythological legends cater to popular taste and poetic feelings. Devi Uma, along with her four offspring, is coming to her parents, Himalaya and Menaka, for a short period of three days. A typical Indian mother’s concern for her married daughter inspires a set of melodious Bengali songs called Agamoni. While the legend of Sati, the destroyer of Daksha’s sacrifice ceremony has a different appeal. Emergence of Chandi on the combined prayer of the gods for their protection by destruction of demons forms an important metaphorical myth for spiritual aspirants.

The grand celebration with multidimensional appeal involves everybody in the community socially, economically, ritually and above all, culturally. The innovative image of the goddess, pandal, release of special issues of literary magazines, musical albums, creatively, socially and culturally involve all concerned making it a celebration for creation, unison, elevation and above all awakening of higher consciousness.
Postive Score58.028169014084504
Negative Score41.971830985915496


Okay, deputy chief minister O Panneerselvam had a secret meeting with AMMK leader T T V Dhinakaran, both the men have confirmed it. What they differ on, however, is on what transpired between them at the meeting at a common friend’s place.

OPS said TTV wanted to dislodge Edappadi Palaniswami to become the chief minister; TTV said OPS wanted to take the post and asked for TTV’s support to pull the rug from under EPS’s feet. Both the statements could be true, though it isn’t clear who wanted the rendezvous in the first place. What’s clear is that EPS has survived another coup.

I can hear someone laughing in faraway Delhi. And by the time you get to read this, he will be having EPS for a visitor.

The BJP’s invisible hand has been leaving fingerprints all over the affairs of the AIADMK and the Tamil Nadu government ever since J Jayalalithaa died on December 5, 2016. Given the BJP’s strength in Tamil Nadu, the party’s desperation is understandable. And what better opportunity than now, when the AIADMK is broken, rudderless and afloat by default.

Through a clever combination of veiled threats and open interference, the BJP has managed to have the AIADMK eat out of its hands. Forget the occasional criticism of the BJP by such AIADMK spokesmen as minister D Jayakumar, the ruling party in TN has gladly prostrated in front of the Centre, be it allowing Union ministers to have a say in state affairs (something unthinkable when Jayalalithaa was alive) or voting in favour of the government in Parliament.

In a way, it is a forced symbiosis: Precariously as it is placed, the AIADMK government has to toe the Centre’s line; the BJP has no other worthy party to partner with in the 2019 elections. It is another matter that the BJP spin doctors are keeping TTV on a parallel track, but to be identified with him would be endorsing V K Sasikala, who is in prison for corruption.

A little bird told me that the BJP is considering ways to dissolve the Tamil Nadu assembly – with EPS’s forced consent, of course – and go for simultaneous polls. It sounded preposterous to me, but wait, here he pointed to the Election Commission of India deferring the decision to announce the date for two TN byelections, in Tiruparankundram and Tiruvarur, citing a request from the chief secretary that elections may be deferred since the weatherman has forecast an above-normal monsoon! Tiruparankundram hasn’t seen floods in recent history, even when there were heavy spells of rain.

The BJP will likely ask for a number of seats that would be hugely disproportionate to its strength in the state. Or may be a lion’s share of the 40 Lok Sabha seats in TN and Puducherry as a barter to more assembly seats for the AIADMK.

Yes, it’s too early, but I can’t help but see Narendra Modi riding into the Tamil heartland, ‘a la Lord Krishna, with EPS as his warrior Arjuna. But this Dravidian battle may not have a Mahabharat ending.
Postive Score57.829670329670336
Negative Score42.17032967032967


Today marks the second anniversary of a landmark international climate treaty. No, not the Paris one that we’ve all heard about (with the goal of keeping global warming to less than two degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels). This treaty takes its name from two other cities; the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol is focused phasing out the use of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) in our cooling and refrigeration systems. HFCs are orders-of-magnitude more potent than carbon dioxide as greenhouse gases (the most widely used one has more than 2,000 times the warming potential of CO2), so it makes sense that the Kigali Amendment has been called world’s “single largest real contribution” to meeting the Paris goals. But, it is also clear we need to do lot more than get rid of HFCs.

The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) recently issued a deeply urgent special report on the near-term consequences of climate change; a document that one senior UN official described it as “a deafening, piercing smoke alarm”. Among its conclusions were that the most damaging effects from climate change – severe food shortages, wildfires, mass die-offs of coral reefs, climate-induced conflict – will come a lot sooner and at a lower temperature threshold than previously thought.

The report had been requested by a collective of small island nations, but not many countries have more at stake than India. 218 million Indians are exposed to dangerous heat conditions each year (vs. 86 million in Nigeria, the next-most-affected country). Heat is projected to cost India nearly three percent of GDP by 2050. India is home to 24 of the world’s 100 hottest big cities.

In order to avoid the worst effects of global warming, the IPCC concluded that we need to transform the world economy at a speed and scale that has “no documented historic precedent.” India alone may not be able to decarbonize the global economy at warp speed, but it can do more than any other country on earth to address one of the biggest end-use risks to our climate; the demand for cooling.

With business-as-usual, room air-conditioners (RACs) alone could account for nearly one full degree Celsius of global warming between now and 2050. India will account for the largest increase in demand, going from 26 million RACs in operation today to about one billion in 2050. Increasing anecdotal evidence suggests that an AC is the first major appliance purchase made by families entering India’s consuming class. We are facing a classic Catch-22; as our planet warms, we want more mechanical cooling; and as we deploy more cooling, we warm our planet further.

Luckily, India also has a centuries-old tradition of cooling innovation from which we can draw inspiration. No civilization has a richer history of dealing with the heat in more ingenious, even beautiful ways; the dense clustering of homes to minimize solar gain in Rajasthan’s towns; the canopies and louvers that offer deep shade in our havelis; the clever use of landscaping and water features at our Mughal monuments; the “thermal mass” that is a feature of traditional building the length of India; jaalis that are equally decorative and functional, allowing in diffuse light while keeping out the heat; and the intricate step-wells that have served as both reservoirs and serene retreats for over a millennium.

In keeping with this tradition, India has already staked out a modern position of leadership; last month the Ministry of Environment, Forestry, and Climate Change (MoEFCC) released a draft “India Cooling Action Plan” (ICAP) – the only such document issued by any country. The Indian government deserves praise for being the first to take on this challenge holistically and at scale. ICAP proposes a number of sensible measures: stringent building codes; measures to promote alternative cooling technologies; “eco-labelling” to influence consumer behaviour; emphasizing efficiency in public procurement guidelines.

It does not, however, go far enough. ICAP has (justifiably) been criticized for not adequately addressing issues of access and equity; our farmers, day laborers, and street vendors can’t retreat to air-conditioned comfort when temperatures hit 40 degrees. From a climate perspective, ICAP’s recommendations, which rely heavily on voluntary action and incremental change, are too “soft” to neutralize the impact of our exploding demand for mechanical cooling. Hard problems require hard action; we need engineering solutions and strong regulation in addition to the gentle nudges that MoEFCC hopes will change the behaviour of our AC manufacturers, builders, and consumers.

Policymakers can both wield a more threatening stick, and dangle more enticing carrots. The “stick” comes in the form of minimum energy performance standards (MEPS), set by the Ministry of Power. Not all countries have them, and India’s have been advancing at three percent per year. But there is a massive gap (more than 50 percent) between our MEPS and the most efficient available ACs. That gap needs to close – the bar needs to be set by the best technology, not by the worst. Industry players won’t like this, and will protest that higher standards will mean higher prices for consumers. But when profits are at stake, industry is quick to adapt; Korea’s and Japan’s regulators have forced a doubling of AC efficiency over the last several years – and saw prices actually fall in parallel.

The “carrots” come in the form of range of incentives. The AC industry is, by-and-large, consolidated and complacent; most manufacturers spend far more on advertising than they do on R&D. But some innovation is happening – just out of view, driven by research labs and start-ups. Innovation challenges and prizes can help shine a spotlight on these innovators, making them visible to prospective investors, collaborators, and buyers who could help them navigate a path to market.

Consumers, similarly, could be incented to make more energy efficient purchases. Most buyers are concerned far more with the price of their new AC than with how much it is going to cost them to run it over the course of its functioning life. In some cases, they simply don’t have the capital to pay the premium for a more efficient unit. Our DISCOMs could offer “on-bill financing”; allowing their customers to pay for the most energy efficient ACs in increments, enabling savings to be realized from day-one.

Advance market commitments (AMCs) could play an important role. Energy Efficiency Services Ltd. (EESL), which buys energy efficient products for the government, expects to buy 100,000 “super-efficient” ACs through 2020. Not bad, but with this kind of buying power, EESL should be pushing AC manufacturers far harder to deliver more advanced products (rather than be satisfied with what is currently on the market). India’s real estate behemoths could get into the act by committing to buy only the most efficient units for their new developments – which would almost certainly save their customers money over the long run (an AC that is 4-5 times more efficient would make economic sense even if it retails for twice as much).

Why should the Indian government go to all this trouble around a consumer appliance? Analysis by Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI) suggests that the implications could be profound for our people, treasury, industry, economy and climate. An 80 percent more efficient air-conditioner, even if it costs twice as much as today’s standard units, could save Indian consumers over $1,000 over the course of its lifetime. Between now and 2030, the power sector could save over $200 billion by avoiding investment in electricity generation capacity that would otherwise be required to run all our new ACs (not to mention $100 billion in avoided operating losses). Any company (Indian or otherwise) that develops a super-efficient AC technology could potentially capture between five and 20 percent of global market (equivalent to the market share of today’s dominant players), translating to $5-20 billion in annual revenue. And if a super-efficient AC technology is adopted globally, it would help avert half a degree Celsius in global warming – half a degree that offers a critical reprieve for India’s people and economy.

If we’re going to get to Paris, Kigali will help. But what we really need is Delhi.
Postive Score58.14249363867684
Negative Score41.85750636132315


The chronic spate of lynchings of innocents in the name of the cow is a wake-up call for the country. India’s carefully woven fabric of unity is being torn asunder, with collateral damage to the moral instincts of the people.

Like hundreds of millions of other Indians, i do not consider the cow to be holy or even figuratively comparable with our mothers. My judgment is consistent with the scientific temper which our Constitution promotes as our fundamental duty. But even believers in the cow’s holiness must surely be aghast at the inhumanity being perpetrated in its name.

There is perhaps one thing that we all can agree on, that we have equal rights to liberty of thought, expression, belief, faith and worship: rights which we, as a People, promised to ourselves in the Preamble to our Constitution. These ideas of liberty constitute the soul of India. Everyone has the constitutional liberty to conceptualise the cow in their own way.

But the framers of our Constitution seem to have blinked, perhaps in a haste to close the tedious debates. They agreed to include a non-justiciable Directive Principle that exhorts the state to “prohibit … the slaughter of cows and calves and other milch and draught cattle.” This principle, that long ticked away in the background, is now threatening to blow up the very soul of our nation, making us a de facto Hindu rashtra.

The presence of this principle has boosted the aspirations of fringe fanatics who think nothing about snuffing out the life of innocent Indians. It has also contributed to the development of a rogue police in league with criminal syndicates that operate illegal slaughterhouses.

In this melee the cow itself, the animal in the name of which these crimes are perpetrated, is treated dismally by helpless farmers who are forced to let loose into city streets under cover of darkness any old cow they cannot maintain. We must surely experience a shudder inside us when we think of the kilos of plastic bags that are pulled out of the stomach of mortally sick, old cows. Something has clearly gone wrong.

Assuming that the Constituent Assembly did intend to reject the idea of a Hindu rashtra, there must be no place in the Constitution for Article 48. Its presence signals to the lunatic fringe that India could one day become a Hindu rashtra, if only they try hard enough. We need to make clear that while India will continue to support the freedom of belief of all Hindus, it will also support the freedoms of all other Indians, and that India will never become a Hindu rashtra.

Beef has been human food since we originated as a species, there is overwhelming evidence that Indians ate beef. It is only in the last few hundred years that aggressive attempts have been made to change the diet of Indians. And what do they expect farmers to do with unwanted male calves and old cows in their “milk only” economy? No matter which way one looks at this, there can only be a milk and beef economy.

It is never practical to stop by law something that humans consider to be part of nature. Gandhi rightly concluded that “no law can be made to ban cow slaughter.” He raised a very powerful argument: that it was morally wrong to coerce non-believers to respect the cow. But there is a fundamentally intractable policy problem involved in this matter – the unintended consequences of prohibiting natural things. Such laws simply can’t be enforced without imposing an unacceptably high human cost.

We can learn about such unintended consequences by watching the publicly available 2011 PBS documentary by Ken Burns and Lynn Novick on American prohibition. Wine and whisky ended up being smuggled into the White House and Congress by bootleggers who were turned by this law into major criminals. American police were fully corrupted. It was this total moral collapse – very similar to what we find in India today – that finally led Americans to repeal the 18th amendment.

Lynchings are only the tip of the iceberg of harmful unintended con-sequences from our unnatural attempts to prohibit cow slaughter. We have criminalised the police and created a broader culture of lawlessness. We have exacerbated malnourishment for millions of children. The country has lost lakhs of potential jobs and billions of dollars in economic output. And perhaps the worst consequence of all is the way old cows – these beautiful, gentle animals with lovely big eyes – have been condemned to a life of pain and misery.

As India’s only liberal party, Swarna Bharat Party is committed to protecting liberty which is the soul of the nation. People’s freedom to eat is inherent in their freedom of belief. We ask the country to unite in one voice to repeal Article 48 and to regulate, not prohibit beef. Our party is committed to treating cows with the level of humanity that the likes of Temple Grandin would want.

Repealing Article 48 will ensure that farmers will no longer need to abandon unwanted old cows in the streets to eat plastic out of a fear of being lynched. They would be able to sell these cows to well regulated buyers. The repeal will allow slaughterhouses to be well regulated and meat to be humanely produced. It will reduce incentives for police criminality and corruption. And it will create lakhs of new jobs and significantly improve the nutritional status of poor children.

Most importantly, the repeal of Article 48 will lift the moral standard of the country.
Postive Score56.70945157526255
Negative Score43.29054842473746


Congress legislator in Gujarat Alpesh Thakor found himself in trouble following the recent exodus of migrant workers from the state. He was accused of stirring up trouble following a tragic incident which subsequently led to the exodus. In a conversation with Rohit E David he gives his version of events:

What according to you led to violence against migrants primarily from UP, Bihar and MP, and not from other parts of India?

No one knows but I was the one who admitted the 14 month old baby in the hospital. This girl’s family was searching for her; it was then they spotted a person coming from the fields whose shirt was stained. They got hold of him and took him to the police station. Some 10-15 people came at that point to attack the accused. The girl was found in a muddy area in the fields. Everyone thought that the girl had died, it was then that the locals burnt some cars. I never asked anyone who the accused person was or his caste. I took the girl till Ahmedabad and ensured that she got the best medical aid. I have always said that the accused person doesn’t belong to any caste. He is a mentally disturbed person and he should get the severest punishment.

This is all wrong, we never touched anyone from UP, Bihar, MP or Rajasthan. In Gujarat there is no discrimination against people from UP, Bihar or MP.

What did you actually say after the tragic incident involving the child?

From September 28th to October 6th, I can show everyone more than 10 videos where I’m saying we don’t want violence in the state. My community is being targeted. I told them that these people have come looking for jobs in Gujarat and it’s our responsibility to look after them.

I met two Gujarat ministers, they accepted my demand of having a fast-track court in this case. I gave a statement in front of all journalists that all my demands have been met and we will not do anything. We held a candle march that same day. I gave a speech that evening amongst 25-26,000 people that this person who has been caught is not associated with any caste or religion.

We had not taken up this issue after September 30. For six days nothing happened. Not a single government property was damaged. A video was (then) circulated by a person speaking in Hindi asking people to leave the state that night itself. That video went viral on social media. At that time, I spoke with top police officials in Gujarat to immediately stop this video from being circulated. If we had to protest then, why would we lead only 200-500 people when Thakors have a population of 2.5 crore? I can say that in the entire scenario politics has been played. Some people want to curb the leader who speaks for the poor in society.

What role has Thakor Sena played in this case?

Thakor Sena has always spread the message of peace and that’s what they did in this case too. In Gujarat we have taken out more than 500 meetings in the state to spread the message of peace.

Aren’t you and CM Vijay Rupani in agreement on enforcing reservation even in private sector jobs for locals? What is your opinion on the subject?

There is no such agreement. In 1995 it became a law to give jobs to locals. I demand that give at least 30-40% jobs to local youths.

What is the aim of your sadbhavana fast? What is the duration?

We never welcome violence in Gujarat. In the place where Sardar Patel and Mahatma Gandhi lived, sounds of India being divided are being heard. This cannot be allowed to come from Gujarat.

As an aide of Shaktisinh Gohil, AICC-in-charge of party affairs in Bihar, is the current controversy a setback for you? Isn’t that why you wrote to CMs of UP and Bihar explaining your stand?

No, I will travel in the entire country to spread my message now. Truth will come out and I have been given an opportunity to go amongst the people. I have written to UP and Bihar chief ministers that in Gujarat nothing has happened. Whatever took place in two to three places, I strongly condemn it. Poor people were engulfed with rumours all around the state. Why was social media not shut? I want to tell you that this Gujarat belongs to all of us, including you. I appeal to all the people who have left the state that I’m with you, come back.

There is speculation that you are planning to leave the party.

I am a person who likes to speak the truth. Anyway, I am with the Congress party for 2019 elections and even after that.
Postive Score56.186152099886485
Negative Score43.81384790011351


By Shri Shri Anandamurti

Parama Purusha is Consciousness personified. He is not bound by relativity. In some minds, the bondage of relative factors is so great, and the mental outlook is so narrow, but a person who is free from bondages and has become one with the Macrocosmic Mind has attained abhedajnana, non-discriminatory knowledge.

When the unit mind becomes as expansive as the universe, it becomes one with the Cosmic Mind. And when the unit mind becomes one with jivatma, the unit consciousness, attaining the state of mindlessness, it becomes one with Paramatma, Supreme Consciousness.

Realised people are respected as mahapurushas, divine personalities, by society and are revered and honoured. In philosophical terms, these people, having traversed the path of sainchara, Consciousness to matter, and pratisainchara, matter to Consciousness, have ultimately reached their cherished desideratum. That’s why they are venerated. All great personalities have attained the highest spiritual plane through intense meditation.

Those who claim their path to be the only one create communal conflicts. Those who run down another teacher or path must not be encouraged to do so. One should always remember that all great personalities of different religious communities deserve equal respect. They are the collective glory of human society.

We may have built a new path of movement for spiritual progress of society according to the needs of a particular age – a path which may be somewhat different from the one on which great personalities trod before us. But that does not mean that we will not extend our respect to those venerable personalities. It is only by learning from teachings of various faith leaders that we are able to evolve our own vision of the path we wish to tread, and find the strength to do so with dedication and without dismissing any other path. There is room for many paths.

Now the question is, how can people acquire this non-discriminatory knowledge? One way to do this is through the practice of Ishvara pranidhana and abhidhyana. By Ishvara, we mean the Supreme Controller of the universe, the Supreme Object of ideation for all living beings. Hence Ishvara pranidhana means to let the entire psychic energy flow towards Ishvara. And dhyana means anudhyana. When sadhakas feel that the object of meditation – which is their life and soul – is eluding them, they immediately make the effort to pursue it.

Through (this) the unit mind remains continuously absorbed in the ideation of the Supreme Entity and finally merges in Him and consequently overcomes the influence of vishvamaya, universal illusion, the creator of numerous differentiations. At this point, the sadhakas, spiritual aspirants, finally attain non-discriminatory knowledge. To attain this stage, worldly knowledge, social position, and skin colour are of no importance whatsoever. Even the different systems of worship, sacrifice, incantation, ostentatious devotion are insignificant. In psycho-spiritual practice the mind plays a vital role – external rituals have no place.

When the unit mind goes beyond the jurisdiction of the indriyas, the sensory, motor organs and samskaras, the seeds of reactive momenta have been completely destroyed, it becomes altogether non-existent. In that state of complete mindlessness, the jiva, unit being, gets completely merged in Shiva. The mind, after reaching the sahasrara, the pineal plexus, does not return. And due to the obliteration of spatial differences, the sadhaka experiences dissolution.
Postive Score56.6815144766147
Negative Score43.318485523385306


There is both a grim reminder and delicious irony in the name Titli (butterfly) given to the latest cyclone to strike the east coast of India. In chaos theory, the term butterfly effect is used to illustrate the idea that small events have widespread consequences. Coined by MIT meteorologist Edward Lorenz – who did not expect his work to be distilled into a catchphrase and transported into popular culture – it describes the sensitive dependence on initial conditions in which a small change in one state can result in large differences in a later state: metaphorically, a hurricane being influenced by minor perturbations such as the flapping of the wings of a distant butterfly several weeks earlier.

Inasmuch as Lorenz’s work had been oversimplified, there is wind beneath the wings of the theory that small, discrete infractions by mankind is adding up to cause monumental havoc across the planet. Whether it is Cyclone Titli blowing her way in from the Bay of Bengal or Hurricane Michael hurtling his way in from the Atlantic, their cataclysmic finales on land are not happening in isolation. From the reckless use of paper to the rampant wastage of water, everyday living is littered with mindless and gratuitous excesses that will eventually blow humankind away. The storm has gone beyond the teacup.

Yet, climate change denialists and global warming rejectionists – President Trump and his Republican Party foremost among them – sail on smugly, throwing caution to the wind. Presented with a dire climate change report last week authored by 91 scientists from 40 countries, the US president, who once called climate change a canard engineered by the Chinese to make the US non-competitive, sneered: “It was given to me, and I want to look at who drew it.” He may have chosen to see the illustrations in the study – rather than the writing on the wall. Another time, he had joked, “It’s freezing. Speaking of global warming, we need some global warming!”

Eventually though, the joke will be on him. From pledging to speed up burning of coal to freezing fuel efficiency standards, Trump and his minions are taunting the wind. They will reap the whirlwind. The poor of the world are resilient; the rich aren’t. That goes for countries too. “Lie low before Mother Nature,” warns a story in the Panchatantra. “The hurricane does not uproot grasses, which are pliant and bow low before it on every side. It is only the lofty trees that it attacks.”
Postive Score56.01300108342362
Negative Score43.98699891657638


Today, October 16, is a good day for Indian policy making. RBI didn’t budge as its deadline for financial data localisation ended on October 15. High-powered lobbying by powerful multinational technology and finance firms to change the policy, as well as quasi-threats from US senators speaking on behalf of some of these firms, didn’t work.

RBI also made it clear that users won’t suffer — that is, services won’t be shut down as the regulator reviews firms’ compliance. Even if the deadline is extended later, the policy won’t change.

This combination of clear thinking and firmness is the key to good policy. Other policymakers and regulators should take heed. Indeed, RBI should take heed of RBI. If only the central bank had displayed the same qualities when it asked banks to follow procedures on issuing letters of understanding — the credit instrument at the heart of Nirav Modi’s Punjab National Bank heist.

Still, today, RBI can justly feel good about itself. So can India’s digital business future. Or can it? The question comes up because it is entirely possible that a few missteps by GoI can undo the good done by RBI.

GoI is on course to present its version of the Data Protection Bill, working on the Srikrishna Committee draft. The latter had argued that full localisation should apply to only ‘critical’ personal data, and had left the question of defining what ‘critical’ is to GoI. Non-‘critical’ data can be mirrored, as per the Srikrishna draft — that is, a copy of such data will be stored locally, while overseas servers run by foreign firms can also store that information.

When asked by the media about a potential conflict between RBI’s directive on full localisation of financial data and the coming data law, Justice Srikrishna had said the law will supersede all existing regulation. Procedurally, he is right. But that can create ahuge problem.

If GoI deems personal payments data as not ‘critical’ and, therefore, asks for only mirroring, and if Parliament accepts that, the discipline brought about by RBI’s insistence on full data localisation will be severely affected.

Who moved my data?

All foreign firms in the data business will see the dilution of the central bank’s rules on financial data storage as proof of weak regulation in India, with several potential consequences for India’s digital future. Powerful lobbies that didn’t succeed in getting RBI to budge from its position will sniff opportunities for regulatory arbitrage.

India’s digital economy will keep getting bigger and regulatory challenges will keep cropping up, as happens in most growing businesses. For example, there’s the question of how Indian-owned digital businesses should be dealt with given capital dumping by big foreign investors. Obviously, no sane person wants to stop foreign investment.

But should GoI make rules that mandate foreign owned e-commerce ventures, after an initial period, raise capital locally? Interestingly, Amazon, which has ambitions to become a payments solutions provider in India and has a head start in the cloud business that will thrive in a localisation regime, seems to agree with RBI’s data rules. But it will, in all likelihood, ferociously oppose any policy response to capital dumping.

That just shows how complicated future digital economy regulation can be. And it also shows why it’s critical that India sends out a firm message on regulation now. Almost no rule will make all players happy, but all players must know that they will have to abide by rules. RBI’s data policy, in this perspective, is a great first statement of intent.

Therefore, GoI’s version of Srikrishna’s draft Data Protection Bill must ask for full data localisation (no mirroring) of financial data, in line with RBI’s rules. Parenthetically, the Srikrishna draft’s call for a national data regulator also deserves close scrutiny from GoI. Should this regulator supersede all other regulators when it comes to data? So, for example, will banks be under RBI but not banks’ data? And the same for telcos and the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai)? GoI needs to do two more things.

The Supreme Court’s otherwise excellent majority judgment on Aadhaar has stopped the private sector from using Aadhaar database biometrics as a verification tool for providing services. This is a costly disruption, not just for ordinary Indians and telecom companies and banks, but also for the payments solutions architecture.

India has the second-fastest adoption rate globally for financial technology (fintech). Aadhaar-based KYC is akey part of India’s fintech future. Finance minister Arun Jaitley’s point that new legislation can overturn this part of the court judgment must be followed through by GoI.

No to Mirror Regulator

What GoI shouldn’t follow through is the hare-brained plan for a new payments regulator, as frighteningly imagined in the draft Payment and Settlement Systems Bill. India doesn’t need another payments regulator, it has RBI. Even if non-bank players become more dominant than banks in the payments ecosystem, another regulator will simply generate confusion and, worse, contradiction. Instead, the central bank can, and should, be asked to sharpen its payments regulation capacity in anticipation of a fintech boom. So, GoI, it’s your turn now to do some smart and firm thinking.
Postive Score55.941114616193474
Negative Score44.05888538380652


The National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT) has reportedly granted a stay on the National Company Law Tribunal’s (NCLT) order that rejected a moratorium on legal suits against Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services (IL&FS) and its group entities. The interim relief is welcome. IL&FS deserves a moratorium on insolvency because of its special circumstance, recognising which the government has intervened, superseding the board and appointing hand-picked professionals to set things right. IL&FS is a company, but functions as a financial entity. If it defaults on loans, it would send the entire NBFC sector into a deep freeze, and destabilise the markets.

The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) provides a corporate debtor such relief along with a stay on recovery of outstanding dues for a limited period. However, the NCLT had rejected the government’s plea, saying IL&FS is a financial service provider and, hence, does not come under the ambit of IBC. It is an unconventional finance provider — it is not regulated by RBI but is incorporated as a company. It has a non-banking financial company (NBFC) as a subsidiary, however.

The large size of IL&FS, and the exposure of insurance, mutual funds and provident funds to the entity, make it a special case. A proposed law to resolve financial firms, Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill, has been dropped for the time being. So, this route is closed for IL&FS’ NBFC subsidiary. In any case, neither IL&FS nor a majority of its 348 group companies fits the description of an NBFC. IL&FS’ distress qualifies for exercising the provision in the IBC for temporary protection from insolvency proceedings and debt recovery, pending supervised restructuring.

Aviable rescue plan including the sale of some assets to generate resources needed to pay off debts makes eminent sense. Immunity from creditor pressure till then will help. The government should pay also dues estimated at Rs 16,000 crore to IL&FS to enable the company service its debt. In the meantime, NBFCs must be weaned off shortterm deposits to finance long-gestation projects.
Postive Score55.86708203530634
Negative Score44.13291796469366


The army has court-martialled seven soldiers — a retired major general, two senior officers, and four of other ranks — to life imprisonment for a fake encounter in Assam in 1994 in which five youths were killed and labelled as militants. Even if the verdict comes 24 years after the killing, it is welcome. However, the sentence is subject to appeal. A life sentence awarded to assorted army men for killing three Kashmiri youth at Machchlis in 2010 — one so young that the killers had to paint a beard on his dead face to make him look older — was later suspended, and the accused were released on bail. These incidents show not so much that the army has an effective internal mechanism for checking high-handedness by its personnel as the need to scrap the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA), to restore to common people the rights of citizens that the law takes away from them.

The Assam finding comes in special circumstances. Fellow activists of those killed, all members of the All Assam Students’ Union, are ministers in the present BJP state government, one of them the chief minister. Such special circumstances do not attend on every fake encounter killing, either at the hands of the police or the army. The correlation of forces in India’s deeply unequal society is such that it is extremely difficult for an individual to fight back against violence and injustice by the state. Arbitrary violence by the police, at least, does not enjoy any legal protection. It is conceivable that justice can prevail in some cases. But AFSPA gives armed forces a statutory shield for arbitrary use of force against the country’s own citizens.

India needs to evolve as a democracy, as much as an economic and a strategic power. Undemocratic laws such as AFSPA should be removed from India’s statute book.
Postive Score55.373592630501534
Negative Score44.626407369498466


This fall, tens of thousands of students will apply to medical schools all across Asia. They’ll face daunting odds.

Acceptance rates at two medical schools in Hong Kong and Singapore- which collectively host five institutions- hover around 10 per cent. One school in New Delhi accepts less than one-tenth of 1 per cent of applicants.

Consequently, scores of students who would make great doctors find themselves on the wrong end of an admissions decision. That’s bad news not just for them but for their countrymen, given the staggering doctor shortages many Asian nations face.

Salvation lies across the Pacific, at medical schools in the Caribbean, for both aspiring doctors and public health officials concerned about that looming physician gap. The data show that these schools produce graduates who are every bit as qualified and competent as those who attend medical school in Asia or the United States.

Asia’s population is surging, and there aren’t enough physicians to meet the growing demand for care. Hong Kong will be short 1,000 doctors by 2030. Singapore will need about 6,000. India will be short an alarming 2 million.

Asian medical schools aren’t producing enough graduates to quell these shortages. It stands to reason that schools abroad could supply them. But many aspiring doctors and government officials are wary of Caribbean medical schools, whose reputations vary widely.

However, the same can be said about medical schools in China, India, the United States, and countless other countries.

What should matter more is whether the Caribbean’s top medical schools produce doctors that are well-prepared for successful careers. The answer is a resounding “yes.”

Just look at Caribbean medical graduates’ performance on the United States Medical Licensing Examination- widely considered one of the world’s most difficult medical exams, even compared to the highly-competitive tests used in Asia. As Yang Mianhua, deputy dean of Shantou University Medical College in China, recently explained, “The mainland [China] exams are still all about rote learning from books and getting a passing [score] while the USMLE is about selecting the best.”

At top institutions in the Caribbean, pass rates on the USMLE can reach 95 per cent. That’s comparable to the pass rates for students educated at American and Canadian schools.

Graduates of top Caribbean medical schools achieve top testing marks, thanks in part to the schools’ investments in student support. Some schools offer students access to a range of academic programs designed to improve skills ranging from note-taking and time management to oral communication, reading efficiency, and English language proficiency.

Many Asian physicians began their careers at top Caribbean medical schools. They’re now licensed and practicing everywhere from Malaysia and Thailand to Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Singapore.

Students looking to pursue careers in medicine need not confine their gaze to medical schools in their home countries. Institutions in the Caribbean have trained hundreds of doctors who are providing high-quality care to countless patients across Asia. The continent will need even more to meet its denizens’ burgeoning demand for care in the years to come.
Postive Score55.55555555555556
Negative Score44.44444444444444


The motto of the self-styled super-patriot is: My country, right or wrong. Which means that such a person would never question anything that his country did, never ask if whatever was being done was morally right, or even if it was in the best real-political interests of the country.

Today in India such blinkered patriotism has given way to an equally blinkered political partisanship between two virulently opposed camps: those who are pro-BJP, and those who are anti-lotus party. Any national issue which comes up – be it the controversial Rafale deal, the treatment of minorities, the question of a uniform civil code – is never debated and discussed on the basis of its own merits or demerits but becomes a battleground between these two partisan camps.

The result is – as in the typical case of the Rafale controversy – that public discourse, aimed at clarifying matters to the benefit of the national good, degenerates into a narrative of diatribe versus counter-diatribe, in the clamour and confusion of which the first and foremost casualty is the national interest, what is best for the country at large. It has often been said that before being Indian, we all consider ourselves to be regionalists, thinking of ourselves first as Maharashtrians, or Gujaratis, or Tamilians, or Bengalis.

Today that regional identity has been subsumed by an even narrower political identity: BJP or anti-BJP. Supporters of each camp are convinced that their side is invariably right, and the other invariably wrong. Or rather, it doesn’t matter if their side is right or wrong, it is still their side, and will always be so.

All democracies are bi-partisan, or multi-partisan by definition: democracy means a constant argument between various viewpoints. But in today’s India, what matters is not the viewpoint, or the argument, but the unquestioned and unquestionable rightness of the camp you belong to, and the unquestioned and unquestionable wrongness of the opposing camp.

The national good? Which nation are we talking about? The nation that is pro-BJP, right or wrong? Or the nation that is anti-BJP, right or wrong? Super-patriotism has given way to a super-partitionism, dividing the country into two opposing, and seemingly irreconcilable nations.
Postive Score55.533790401567096
Negative Score44.46620959843291


In wrapping up the second Test match of the two-match series against the West Indies, India have registered their 10th home series victory on the trot. The streak is the joint longest with Australia having two such runs from 1994 to 2000 and 2004 to 2009. The feat reaffirms India’s dominance at home, especially since 2013.

What’s even more heartening is that the series was sealed due to a splendid performance by an Indian fast bowler. Umesh Yadav’s 10 for 133 in the second Test is a tremendous feat considering that it is the first time since 1999 that an Indian pacer has taken 10 wickets in a home Test. In fact, only two others have achieved the feat — Kapil Dev and Javagal Srinath.

While taking nothing away from this superb performance, it must also be recognised that India were up against a substandard West Indies side. The latter had little chance of challenging India in India. Hence, India’s victory shouldn’t be blown out of proportion. Plus, India’s weak point still remains Tests on foreign soil. Performances in England and South Africa earlier this year were disappointing, to say the least. The losses there clearly showed a lack of application in crucial moments.

With India travelling to Australia later in the year, all departments of the game need to fire. The win against West Indies will give our boys confidence. But much work remains to be done to translate this into success abroad. In that sense, the upcoming Australia series will be a far bigger challenge for Team India.
Postive Score55.822906641000955
Negative Score44.17709335899904


Extrajudicial killings are no deterrent to crime. Far from improving law and order, they feed a brutalization of society. Fake encounters by police or other armed forces basically say that they can completely disregard lawful processes, and the stench then hangs over the larger polity. It is against this backdrop that the summary general court-martial sentencing of a former major general, two colonels and four soldiers for killing five leaders of All Assam Students Union (AASU) in a fake encounter 24 years ago is welcome. But the amount of time taken to sentence the guilty to life imprisonment is regrettable. Justice should not be delayed like this.

Fake encounters have unfortunately been reported across India including from Andhra, Gujarat, J&K, Maharashtra, Manipur, Punjab, Telangana, MP, UP and Uttarakhand. But in areas where its writ runs the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) can be even more iron-fisted. As the Supreme Court pronounced in a 2016 judgment, “normalcy not being restored cannot be a fig leaf for prolonged, permanent or indefinite deployment of the armed forces”. Fake encounters under cover of AFSPA are a good reason for withdrawing the clause where the insurgency has run its course and is no longer a serious problem.

Read full report
Postive Score55.50284629981025
Negative Score44.49715370018975


Over the years, there has been a rapid rise in chain snatching cases in India. Every year, we see more than a dozen reports of chain snatchers who have either snatched, tried to snatch or have been nabbed while attempting to snatch a chain from an innocent and unsuspecting elderly lady. What is more shocking is that chain snatching has now become a profession among the youth.

More and more youngsters are taking to chain snatching as a resort to earning easy money. What is even more puzzling is when youngsters from potentially well-off families end up giving up their goals and careers and turning towards chain snatching as a means of livelihood. When we hear instances like these, a common question arises: “But why?”

As we know, youngsters most commonly within the age groups of 13-18 are constantly curious and experimenting. These teenagers are most often prone to getting addicted to habits such as smoking, drinking and drugs. Once addicted, their only source of income to buy their ‘stuffs’, will be either stealing from their families or resorting to crimes, one of which includes ‘Chain snatching’. However, this may not always be the case. At times, well-educated people such as engineers may also turn towards chain snatching as a last resort, most often to clear debts, mortgages or to cover up any other forms of monetary losses.

It has now become increasingly unsafe for women to pass through isolated streets alone, especially during the evenings. However, it is, in fact, shocking to know that many instances of chain snatching have also occurred in broad daylight on crowded streets! Chain snatchers commonly come in pairs, riding on motorcycles.

Upon spotting their victims, who usually happen to be elderly ladies in their mid 50s or 60s, the man riding the motorcycle briefly slows down as they approach their unsuspecting victim, while the guy on the pillion quickly tugs on the lady’s chain, thus relieving her of her valuable possession. The men then speed off with the chain, leaving their victims helpless and hurt.

Of course, the incident often leaves the woman brutally injured or scarred, which most likely draws the attention of the general public, who then immediately inform the police. In order to avoid getting caught, these men generally carry a spare piece of clothing, usually a pullover which they quickly change into, soon after they get hold of their victim’s chain. They then rush to illegal pawnbrokers to sell them the chain and in return, get their desired profit.

Their smooth escape usually makes them difficult to trace. However, surveillance cameras which have been installed in various locations such as streets or shop corners have been successful in capturing live footage of these thugs snatching and on the run, thus making it easier for the police to hunt them down. The police are now increasingly familiar with their tactics and more and more of them are getting caught red handed.

In India, the Hindu culture often encourages all married women to wear the ‘Mangalsutra’, a sacred cord which symbolizes marriage. This chain is often, but may not necessarily be made of gold. These women are known to be most at risk. Elderly women are most likely to be targeted, since they are often viewed to be the weakest of the lot. However, chain snatching cases have also been reported to have occurred among middle aged women, but such instances are quite rare.

In my opinion, as a precautionary measure, all elderly women need to mandatorily carry with them a pepper spray, a pen knife or any other item of self defence at all times in order to defend themselves during an attack. Probably, awareness sessions or practice drills might help.

According to IPC sections 392 (robbery) and 379 (theft), chain snatchers are imprisoned for an average duration of 3 to 7 years. However, the Gujarat government has recently made amendments to the IPC section 379, thus increasing the number of years from 7 years to 10 years, with an additional fine of Rs 25,000 and an extension of 3 years depending on the extent of damage caused to the victim.

However, when we happen to think of it, mere imprisonment isn’t a permanent solution to this rapidly growing issue. Many prisoners once released, go back to committing the same crime that they were once imprisoned for committing. Instead, the purpose of the crime needs to be figured out. Once this is done, the prisoners need to be rehabilitated on a regular basis before being released. It has to be made mandatory for every prisoner to undergo several psychiatric therapy sessions.

After all, a healthy society is one where all its individuals learn from their mistakes, improve and are on good terms with one another, and this also includes the chain snatchers. Thus, by identifying the root cause and correcting it, we might someday, somehow be able to free India from chain snatching as well as other horrors.
Postive Score55.09641873278237
Negative Score44.90358126721763


The bloodthirsty exhortation by Malayalam actor Kollam Thulasi to tear women visiting Sabarimala temple into two pieces, while speaking at a BJP-led protest, is plain incitement to violence against women. The gory imagery he conjured is reminiscent of the Taliban and its acts of spectacular cruelty towards women, calculated to drive them out of public spaces. Coming under flak for his remarks he has since issued a half-hearted apology, trotting out the familiar ‘hurt sentiments’ excuse.

The Supreme Court judgment allowing all women the right to worship at Sabarimala has fuelled massive protests across Kerala by Hindu groups opposing interference in religious traditions. They have every right to protest peacefully, a right protected by the Constitution. But when horrific violence is advocated a red line is crossed. BJP, an ardent advocate of ‘beti bachao beti padhao’ and the rights of Muslim women, cannot ignore the undisguised threat to Hindu women in Thulasi’s speech. BJP must maintain no truck with such elements given the strong correlation between hate speech and mob violence. At the receiving end of cultural intolerance in India are minorities, rationalists and women. Recall the assassinations of Narendra Dabholkar and Gauri Lankesh, or the lynchings based on gau raksha and child lifting rumours, or the murder of women branded as witches (NCRB records 134 such murders in India in 2016).

Mob attacks are often preceded by localised campaigns that openly incite violence. Only the state can counter them by using its statutory powers. But FIRs for hate speech are rarely prosecuted once the controversy dies down. Kerala government must emphasise that the actor is facing action for inciting violence, not for joining the protest.

The right to equality for women has moved rapidly in the judicial sphere from triple talaq abolition to Sabarimala entry and decriminalising adultery. PILs seeking entry of Muslim women to all mosques and the #MeToo outpouring by women against predatory men reveal a changing generation of women undeterred by societal sanctions and punishment. Women with clear conservative positions on traditions and legislation are also coming to the forefront, be it in the peaceful Sabarimala protests or the silent Maratha morchas. Men like Thulasi who incite misogyny and violence, however, are on a different platform. Even conservatives must isolate them.
Postive Score54.52930728241563
Negative Score45.47069271758437


In a sign that the powerful Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, aka MBS, is veering off the reformist script that he himself had laid out for his country, Riyadh is cracking down harshly on dissidents. The latest case involves the disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi who was last seen entering the Saudi consulate in Istanbul. Turkish authorities believe that Khashoggi was killed by a Saudi hit squad.

Though MBS has vowed to finish radicalism emanating from the Islamic kingdom, his targets have been selective. He has ushered in some freedom for Saudi women, allowing them to drive and enjoy greater mobility, but has also arrested women’s rights activists. Similarly, around 1,500 people have been arrested as part of a drive to crack down on “misuse” of free speech, which in most parts of the world would be seen simply as exercise of free speech.

If these are reforms then they are reforms Chinese style. MBS has something in common with Chinese President Xi Jinping who used a wide-ranging anti-corruption campaign to eliminate his political opponents and stamp his authority. However Saudi Arabia is not China, currently striking out as a superpower attempting to replace the US. Instead, Saudi Arabia is dependent on the US which is led by the mercurial President Donald Trump. While Trump had supported MBS’s aggressive moves in the Gulf region earlier and appeared indifferent to human rights, he has suddenly turned around and vowed “severe punishment” if the kingdom’s leaders are linked to Khashoggi’s disappearance. MBS has a historic opportunity to transform his country – and the Middle East. He must not let it slip. New Delhi has vital interests in Saudi Arabia, and a reformed and modernised kingdom would work in its favour. At present, it can only watch in trepidation.
Postive Score54.807692307692314
Negative Score45.19230769230769


If the journalist turned Minister of State for External Affairs (pun unintended) M J Akbar goes ahead and files a defamation suit against the 11 women scribes who have accused him on social media of misusing his erstwhile senior editorial position to sexually harass them in the last few decades, the key question could be whether the owners or erstwhile senior colleagues of the media houses he had worked for testify on whether or not they had then received any complaints and what action, if any, they took.

The minister has in his latest statement issued on October 14, 2018, questioned the veracity of the allegations and has wondered why those who had levelled such accusations had continued to work with him if all that they had claimed had actually transpired.

The MoS has specifically questioned the claims of Ms Priya Ramani who had recently stated on social media that she had been summoned for a job interview in a hotel room in the 1990s and had been asked to sit on the bed next to Mr Akbar while he offered her a drink.

The MoS has also specifically cited the instance of Ms Ghazala Wahab who hailed from a non-metro urban centre in UP and who claimed that she had been repeatedly hugged, kissed and molested by Akbar during her tenure as a young internee at the The Asian Age Delhi office in 1997.

Both Ms Ramani and Ms Wahab were in their early twenties when they first interacted with Mr Akbar. Ms Wahab had claimed in her piece on social media that she was just a small-town girl, that this was her first job, that she did not know how to react to his unsolicited advances, and that she was worried that her conservative parents would have stopped her from working if they had got to know about this. It was only, she added, when he had told her that she was being transferred to another city where she would have to stay in an apartment where he would drop by that she resigned and fled to her parental home.

While on the face of things it seems highly improbable that eleven female scribes would get together, as Mr Akbar alleges, to fabricate a conspiracy against him ahead of the 2019 elections, the only way a semblance of truth can be ascertained from this maze of he-said-she-said claims and counter-claims is if there is any erstwhile contemporary record of the period when the incidents, mentioned and denied, transpired or did not happen.

The most clinching record would be if there was a complaint made to the owners, the managements or erstwhile senior colleagues of the media houses where the scribes worked under Mr Akbar. In the absence of a formal complaint, even an informal one could have been processed. However, the moot point is whether any records were maintained if any such complaint had been made. If the complaint made was informal in nature and if there were no written records, the moot point is whether the then owners or erstwhile senior colleagues of these media houses would testify if and when Mr Akbar’s case is taken up in court.

Ms Wahab has mentioned that some time before she had resigned and fled The Asian Age office in Delhi, she had spoken about her ordeal to Ms Seema Mustafa, then working as a resident editor in the same office. If and when Mr Akbar’s case is taken up in court, the credibility of Ms Wahab’s claim could be enhanced if Ms Seema Mustafa corroborates it in court.

In another instance, while speaking on a TV news-channel about sexual harassment, Ms Madhu Trehan (the sister of the India Today news-magazine founder-publisher Aroon Purie) cited an office-party in Goa where the receptionists had been harassed. She had, she said, wanted to take up the matter but the receptionists had told her that any kind of publicity could adversely affect their careers and that their families were dependent on their jobs and the salaries they brought home.

Another scribe Ms Shutapa Paul had recently claimed on social media that she had worked as a journalist in the Kolkata office of the India Today news-magazine in 2010-2011 when she was sexually harassed by Mr Akbar who was then holding the very senior position of editorial director in the head office. She claimed that, unable to cope with the harassment, she had finally left the job and had informed a female editor in Delhi that she found it difficult to work with Mr Akbar.

If and when the case is taken up in court and Ms Shutapa Paul mentions the name of the female editor she had interacted with, the credibility of her claim would be enhanced if that particular woman editor corroborates the interaction. Likewise, if Ms Madhu Trehan was aware of any alleged harassment experienced by Ms Shutapa Paul in 2010-2011 and she speaks out when the matter is taken up in court, it could corroborate the claim.

Remember, during the recent US Senate confirmation of Mr Brett Kavanaugh as an Associate Justice of the American Supreme Court, Dr Christine Ford’s claim of being sexually assaulted in the early 1980s by a teenaged and drunk Kavanaugh got much more credibility when it was stated that she had informed her husband and therapist of this incident and the identity of the alleged perpetrator years ago.
Postive Score53.95744680851063
Negative Score46.04255319148936


By Milind Deora

On this day last year, American actress and activist Alyssa Milano kickstarted a global storm. She sent out a tweet asking anyone who’s faced sexual harassment or violence to write ‘me too’ as a reply. In the first 24 hours, 4.7 million people used #MeToo on Facebook. Within 45 days, the hashtag was used in 85 countries on Twitter and 85 million times on Facebook. Several prominent men were outed as violators, not only in the entertainment industry but in business, finance, sport, medicine, government — virtually all walks of life.

In the past week, the storm fomented by Milano a year ago hit India with an intensity it had not experienced before. Several powerful, influential men in film, government, music, comedy, journalism and education have been called out. Along with that, a truly disheartening pattern in India’s freshly resurrected #MeToo movement has been unearthed — several men who have publicly been feminist allies and have helped shape the cultural discourse on women’s rights through social media, have also been accused of sexual misconduct by multiple women.

The deluge of anger has been relentless, and rightly so. Women have suffered in silence for far too long. Despite there being laws and guidelines on rape and other forms of sexual misconduct, our political and judicial systems are clearly failing women — as well as other victims of abuse — miserably.

This is because any form of violence against women is still largely a sociocultural issue, rooted in archaic, medieval mindsets that refuse to budge. Stubbornly resistant to allowing women into positions of power, these mindsets stillexpect women to assume primary responsibility for family and household. This tendency to disengage women from power is also ultimately what bestows upon men a false sense of entitlement that allows them to engage in misconduct.

I’m grateful that the past week has granted some measure of catharsis to hundreds of women in India who have finally been able to share their anguish. However, we must now keep this momentum going and transform this anger into something concrete and actionable — creating a template for justice for survivors of sexual misconduct.

To do that, however, we must address some complex issues. In the context of what transpired with Tanushree Dutta and Nana Patekar in India, and with Brett Kavanaugh in the US, an issue that’s been raised is the time that’s lapsed between the incident and the revelation — 10 years in the case of the former, and 36 in the latter.

It is appalling to even suggest that there should be a prescribed time frame within which any victim of sexual assault should come out. A violation of one’s body is a deeply traumatic event by any measure, and all survivors deal with it differently. Some may take years to come to terms with it. Some may never want to reveal it at all.

Having said that, I would like to actively encourage any victim of assault seeking justice to come out as soon as they possibly can. This is simply because, from a strictly legal standpoint, the case could get diluted for the survivor as time passes. Evidence is indispensable for a conviction in any court of law, and the fresher it is, the more credible it will be. As more time lapses, evidence can be compromised, manipulated or destroyed.

Years later, witnesses may be reluctant to provide sworn testimony if the incident took place at a party, for instance, and they were under the influence of alcohol at the time. Coming out sooner can prevent the accuser from discrediting a survivor’s claim. It is, therefore, imperative that we foster a conducive safe space that is encouraging and supportive for survivors to reveal their experiences.

Another question is the role of the media. The media has given millions of people the courage and the platform to come out with their stories, catapulting this issue into the global limelight. But it has also become a breeding ground for trolling and bullying of survivors. Often, the survivor’s life is ruthlessly scrutinised, her character questioned, and reasons dug up to discredit her. Putting an accused through a media trial is also unethical if little or no credible evidence is available.

One of the most difficult issues to tackle, where we must tread carefully, is the validity of sexual harassment claims. Thankfully, research is on the side of survivors. A 2010 US study found that in the previous two decades, only 2-10% of investigated rape cases in the US were false allegations, and such cases are easily caught and thrown out.

Consent lies at the heart of the #MeToo movement. A question voiced by men and women alike has been whether propositioning consent through inoffensive romantic advances can qualify as sexualharassment. Of course, it’s up to women to decide what constitutes sexual harassment for them. But if such advances do fall under that purview, then going forward both men and women must engender behavioural change to accommodate this ‘new normal’, as well as the dynamics of interaction between them.

Going forward, we also need to anticipate concrete outcomes in the aftermath of this movement. For instance, the US #MeToo movement has resulted in a surge of awareness about sexual harassment in the workplace, enough to prove a massive deterrent for men (and even women) to cross the line. It is important that, as a country and society, we collectively establish our goals and expectations for carrying this movement forward.

Finally, we must ponder the repercussions of a media trial, in the absence of an investigation and verdict, for someone who may have been falsely accused. Even worse, what happens when allegations are true, but there is no evidence to prove it?

Truthfully, I do not have answers to these questions. From a legal standpoint, a case with no evidence will be thrown out immediately. It is for our judicial system to devise a way for the truth to come out and to ensure justice.

However, it is for us to mull over our response and responsibility as a society in the absence of legal recourse. Should there be social justice? And if so, in what form? Is it, perhaps, better in the long run if a few falsely accused men become collateral damage if it means women become empowered to come forward with their stories immediately and justice is ensured?

These are incredibly complex questions. But to move forward, we must collectively introspect.
Postive Score53.01689460981497
Negative Score46.98310539018504


Typically, the very mention of Bihar evokes mirth, Biharis are the butt of frequent jokes, and ‘Bihari Buddhu’ is not a term of endearment. Yet its origins are noble. ‘Bihar’ comes from the Sanskrit/Pali word ‘Vihara’ or abode. The region of Bihar used to be a confetti of Buddhist viharas in which the monks lived. Gautama Buddha first attracted a large following of believers and monks in Bihar. As with Christ’s early followers, adherents of the new faith were mocked and ridiculed for their belief as ‘Bihari Buddhus’.

In similar vein, the storied history of Bihar is an integral part of India’s glorious heritage. The wonderful new Bihar Museum in Patna, whose galleries opened last October, makes it abundantly clear just how much of Bihar is embedded in India’s DNA.

References to Bihar regions like Magadha, Mithila and Vaishali can be found in ancient texts and epics. Magadha was a renowned centre of power, learning and culture for a millennium under the Maurya and Gupta empires. The former included Ashoka the Great; the latter was a golden age for Indian science, mathematics, astronomy and philosophy. Bihar has been a major historical centre of learning, home to the universities of Nalanda, Odantapura and Vikramashila established in the 5th-8th centuries. Sher Shah Suri was an early pioneer of secularism and good governance.

Pataliputra (today’s Patna) was a major global capital at the time of the Magadha empires. The world’s first known republic was established in Vaishali by the 6th century BC. Bihar’s key role in the freedom struggle was popularised in the movie Gandhi. Rajendra Prasad was India’s first president and Jayaprakash Narayan carried on the freedom spirit in his opposition to Indira Gandhi’s Emergency.

With a population of over 100 million Bihar is India’s third biggest state, with obvious implications for national politics and development. Its importance to several major Indian religions registers less frequently on the nation’s consciousness. It encompasses sites of great significance to Hindus, Buddhists and Jains – and Takht Sri Patna Sahib for the Sikhs is just across the river on the southern bank of the holy Ganga that bifurcates the state into north and south in a way that is unique.

Buddhism has a worldwide following of over 500 million with significant numbers in southeast and east Asia. That the Buddha attained enlightenment in Bodh Gaya is well known, the Mahabodhi Temple there is a Unesco World Heritage site and large numbers of devotees and tourists flock there, whose infra-structure has been significantly upgraded (including direct international flights).

For Jains, the 12th and 24th (last) Tirthankaras, Vasupujya and Vardhamana Mahavira, were born in Bhagalpur and Vaishali, respectively. Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth and last Sikh Guru, was born in Patna in 1666 and Guru Nanak and Guru Tegh Bahadur also visited.

Then there is Sitamarhi, my home district. In a peaceful rural setting just 5 km west of Sitamarhi lies Sita Kund, the mythological site where Sita was found in an earthen pot as Raja Janaka ploughed his fields. Janaka excavated a tank on the site and after Sita’s marriage, the legend continues, he ordered stone statues of Ram, Sita and Lakhsman to be erected there. In time dense jungles claimed all the lands there until about 500 years ago when the site was rediscovered, the jungle cleared and the stone figures recovered. A temple to Sita was constructed nearby and Janaki Mandir (not the original) is a popular pilgrimage for Hindu devotees.

The state government could vigorously market all these sites to potential tourists from India and abroad. Of course, tourists will not flock to Bihar merely because of a sophisticated promotion campaign. We must first address many physical, social and bureaucratic deficits.

The first requirement is assured public safety and law and order to neutralise the widespread perception that Bihar is synonymous with jungle raj. The state should invest heavily in recruiting and training civic officials and police officers to modern international standards, if necessary by breaking from the colonial-era IPS structure.

We must build a network of modern, clean, efficient and reliable rail, road and air corridors that transport people between destinations in comfort and on time. Patna can serve as the hub of international tourist traffic with a modern, passenger-friendly airport. I was heartened to experience recently the vastly improved roadways in northern Bihar as i toured many sacred Hindu sites in the three adjoining districts of Sitamarhi, Darbhanga and Madhubani.

Third, in line with the PM’s Swachh Bharat initiative, public facilities will have to be built and maintained to world class standards of cleanliness and hygiene. Open air spitting, urination and defecation is revolting, offensive and a public health hazard. Access to public conveniences is an absolute must for tourists. So is a reasonable supply of safe and clean accommodation and food outlets subject to regular inspections of hygiene norms.

All this must then be backed up by a sea change in the VIP culture that puts babus and netas on a pedestal. This grates increasingly even on Indians while foreigners are not used to second class treatment at the hand of public officials prone to petty corruption. Bihar could lead India with an efficient and responsive civil service and police force.

The upgrades to physical, social and administrative infrastructure will also create an attractive investment environment to promote Bihar’s industrialisation. ‘Bihari bhaiyyas’ can then perform ghar wapsi with better quality work back home. Their triumphal homecoming will be the icing on the cake of a religious tourism-led development strategy for Bihar outlined here.
Postive Score53.995345228859584
Negative Score46.004654771140416


India has woken up to its own #MeToo moment with professional women calling out sexual predators in workplaces and in power equations. It is yet another milestone in India’s evolution as an egalitarian society.



Until now, India has hardly ever seen an urban working women’s revolution. Compared to the West, where women led suffragette movements and later sexual revolution against gender discrimination, the Indian constitution from the very outset guaranteed women equal rights. While the Hindu Marriage Act removed various discriminations, Muslim women have also been independently fighting for equal rights under their personal law since the Shah Bano case. Recently, Muslim women won a major battle against the practice of instant triple talaq.

Read Also: #MeToo storm gathers force: More biggies fall by wayside

Though most laws favour women in India sexual violence, abuse and harassment remain rampant. The 2012 Nirbhaya gang rape case galvanised women cutting across class, caste, religion and sect, following which more stringent laws against rape were introduced. With regard to sexual harassment at workplaces, the 1997 Vishakha guidelines of the Supreme Court were superseded by the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace Act (SHOWWA) in 2013.



Yet, until now, sexual harassment in the corridors and citadels of power—workspaces— was a lonely battle for individual victims. The US #MeToo found resonance but it took almost a year for Indian working women in urban centres to speak up in unison. Social media, which is a great leveller, has played a huge role in enabling women to share their stories. Instant support from the public has strengthened and empowered more women to come forward.



Indian professional women standing up and speaking truth to power is, therefore, a significant turning point in the struggle for women’s dignity at workplaces. The aim of the campaign should be to force employers to abide by the SHOWW Act, investigate charges and punish those found guilty so that office spaces become dignified and secure places for women to work in. However, it is equally important that women do not trivialize the movement by levelling frivolous and unsubstantiated charges with an agenda to witch-hunt or settle political scores against men of repute and integrity.
"By oneself, indeed, is evil done; by oneself is one defiled. By oneself is evil left undone; by oneself, indeed, is one purified. Purity and impurity depend on oneself. No one purifies another." - Buddha

The good, the bad and the ugly together make life what it is. More often than not the proportion of these three ingredients vary from person to person. It totally depends upon you how you handle these situation in your life.

The teachings of Buddha have had a profound effect on everyone's life. More often than not people have found a new meaning in life once they have followed the pearls of wisdom passed down by Buddha.

Buddha has said that the root of all our negative minds and all our so-called delusions comes from ignorance. And evil is a word that many people use on a daily basis without thinking deeply about what it really signifies. However, Buddhist teachings on evil may just facilitate to help you to develop a deeper thinking about evil.

As far as Buddhism is concerned, it says that it is not people who are good or bad, morally wrong or right, but certain traits that we create in ourselves. And, it is only us who can undo them.

The teachings of Buddhism are practical and straightforward.



It clearly states that all things can change and nothing ever remains fixed forever. Buddhism also teaches us the the fact as to how everything in this very world is related to each other.

For example: If you feel that nothing really is going right in life then you subconsciously start creating a world of pain and suffering around you. Your thoughts and actions are the ones that resonate and negatively affects you and the other living beings around you.

There are 3 evils or poisons in the world according to Buddhism and no matter how hard it may seem we must steer clear of them in order to enjoy all that life has to offer to us.

1. Greed

Greed is all-encompassing as it includes the sins that are related to desiring anything in excess. It is related to money, yearning, lust, food and an inability to let go of things easily. Of the seven capital sins in Christianity, greed, gluttony, and lust come under the evil of ‘greed’ alone as per Buddha.

2. Hatred

Hatred is a very powerful emotion, sometimes called even more powerful than love. It is a destructive emotion that drives one to anger, fury, and destruction, both physical and mental. Giving into hatred is like bending the knee to your own enemy. From the capital sins of Christianity, it can be related to the sins of wrath and envy.

3. Ignorance

This can be called the versatility of the tenets of Buddhism that it includes ignorance as one of its primary evils. Ignorance is basically about delusion, about yourself and others. It can drive one to pride, sloth and envy, the Christian sins, besides encompassing other emotions such as blindness and being delusional.

(With inputs from TNN)
Postive Score38.88888888888889
Negative Score61.111111111111114


Next Story : Tips to invest your money wisely

Dating after a divorce can have its pitfalls. To begin with, as you rush to feel good once again, you may end up drawing the wrong persons. In the process, you might end up with another round of pain and heartbreak. So here are some dos and don’ts:If you are making a comeback to dating, don’t be in a hurry to find a match. Don’t swipe right the moment you spot a guy you might take a fancy to on dating apps. Try multiple sites, surf through profiles and ping only those who you think genuinely make the cut.If you are not familiar with terms such as ghosting and catfishing, read up first. After all, you don’t want to invite trouble by falling for unscrupulous dates hiding behind fake profiles. If you want to be extra cautious, seek the help of a tech expert who can tell you which sites have foolproof security for users.Relationship counsellors say that people who start dating after a divorce or a breakup normally look for dates who resemble their former partners. That is a huge mistake. Look for men who are completely different from anyone you have met so far. Enjoy the thrill of discovery.Don’t use dating as a tool for revenge or as a quick fix for your heartbreak. It’s okay to feel low for some time. Don’t expect dating sites to find you happiness once again.Dating is fun, it’s also an opportunity to meet interesting people and tell new stories. So keep it casual. Don’t make it a frantic search for a partner for a second marriage.
Postive Score38.88888888888889
Negative Score61.111111111111114


We spend the lion's share of our everyday life with our colleagues. So it's only natural that colleagues can become close friends easily. Frankly speaking, it's great if you have someone in your office with whom you can share your happiness as well as work anxieties. You would love to have a friend at work in whom you could confide your troubles, without of course worrying about getting backstabbed. In other words, any such person, with whom you share not only office camaraderie but a profound emotional bond as well, is often called 'work spouse', 'work husband' or 'work wife'. But sometimes things can get too close for comfort - your friendship can cross a certain boundary at work. So, are you getting too close to your work spouse? Watch out for these signs:
Postive Score46.875
Negative Score53.125


Using hair accessories of your choice (we recommend flowers in keeping with the festivities), part your hair down the centre to create two equal sections. Next, for one section, part it again to create equal portions. Secure with a U-pin. Next, pull the hair to the side and secure it closely to the nape area with a U-pin. Take the corners of the loose hair and tie with a rubber band in the form of a ponytail with a hole in the centre. Turn it inwards and pull the ends loosely. Take the next two corners below that and repeat. Do the same until the end, so you have just a few loose bits left out. Repeat the process for the next section to complete your look. Alternately, you can join the two sections down the centre or leave them as is. The choice is yours.
Postive Score47.05882352941176
Negative Score52.94117647058824






Next Story : Biker and mountaineer Sarika Mehta refuses to take no for an answer

“Social exclusion, identity seclusion and isolation from the social mainstream are still the stark realities faced by individuals today, and it is only when each and every individual is liberated from the shackles of such bondage... that we can call ourselves a truly free society,” said Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, while delivering the landmark judgment on Section 377, which decriminalised gay sex between consenting adults. The verdict, though, carried a larger significance as it showed the maturity of a nation to stand with people who form a tiny section of society.As the country celebrates a legal milestone, we at Femina have decided to conduct a social experiment to understand what it takes to be a person ‘different’ from the majority—what it takes for a transgender person to find accommodation; for a dark-skinned woman to find a suitor; for a disabled person to access public places, among others. The experiment brought to the fore the battles of those who have to fight every inch of their way to claim the same rights enjoyed, rather taken for granted, by those in the majority.It’s on this inclusivity, or the lack thereof, we turn the spotlight in our anniversary special, as we bring to you stories of trials, tribulations, and triumphs of the people who form the diversity without which inclusivity may have no meaning. In this five-part series, the first story we look at is that of plus-size model Neha Parulkar, and her observations when she tried to look for dresses and active wear in her size.“A troubled child who is a confident model today,” is how Neha Parulkar describes herself. The plus-size model and body positivity influencer says she had a dual struggle as a kid—one with her weight, and the other with the constant negativity she was surrounded by because of it. She says, “I stopped eating everything that kids usually love. I was fat-shamed, and it changed me as a person. A happy-go-lucky kid turned into a sad, grumpy one.” Pressure from family members, Parulkar says, also made her hit the gym early in life, but the diets and workouts didn’t help. Instead, they made her unhappy, till the day she questioned herself, “Why am I doing this? Toprove a point to whom?”Her journey to self-acceptance was not easy. “I was hurt and demotivated, but gradually learned to stand up for myself. I wanted to be a person who was in love with herself,” says the 27-year-old, who was laughed at by friends and family when she revealed her decision to be a model. While Parulkar’s internal battle was tough, the external one was tougher. “The stereotypes don’t end. It’s assumed that if a person is overweight, they must have a disease, or eats all day. For clothing, it’s assumed that plus-size women can’t wear shorts, swimsuits, or body-hugging clothes. We are made to believe that certain kinds of fashion are not for us,” says the Mumbai-based model, who runs a blog, Plus And Proud, which has over 18k followers on Instagram.To check how inclusive the fashion industry really is, Parulkar went to a swanky mall in Mumbai to buy a dress or active wear. While she had an idea about what lay ahead, she was still hopeful of finding something that fits. “Since the mall houses international brands as well, I thought they would cater to a plus-size person, but I had a tough time. The largest waist size they had was 34 or 36 (I am size 40) and even if the tag said XXL or XXXL, the store didn’t have the stock.” At one of the stores, where they did have a plus-size section, Parulkar pointed at the racks and said, “There are eight to 10 racks of different kinds of silhouettes and styles for regular sizes, but the plus-size section has only one rack—that too with black, plain, or loose dresses. They are being inclusive, but in a wrong manner.”It was the same story for active wear—she could not find anything in her size. The model, who has walked the ramp at Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) for the past three years for designers such as Wendell Rodricks and Narendra Kumar, says despite the successes, assignments don’t come easy. “Once I was approached by a brand that wanted to do a show with plus size. When I told them I was a size-22 model, they said they only want to work with size-16 models. This is India; size 16 doesn’t even qualify as plus,” says Parulkar, adding that in international markets, models who are size 28 such as Tess Holiday get much work, not just in fashion, but in the jewellery and beauty sectors as well. “In India, brands don’t approach us for any other content other than fashion,” she says.That’s not all, the discrimination reflects in the pay cheque as well, which is how exclusion happens at the same time as inclusion. “LFW doesn’t pay plus-size models because they think they are giving us an opportunity to be seen. On the same ramp, a regular model may make a lakh, but we are not considered equal professionals,” she says.During times like these, Parulkar turns to herself for motivation, as her family and friends still question her fashion choices and marriage prospects. “They are not as discouraging as before, but they aren’t supportive enough to say ‘do what you really want to’,” she says.Despite the challenges, Parulkar is hopeful of an equal tomorrow, and looks at the current generation as agents of change. “We are far from achieving the kind of inclusivity we see abroad, but in the next 10 years, I see a revolution happening since this generation is more accepting,” she says, urging people to support the cause by stopping themselves and others from body-shaming. “If you can’t be inclusive, don’t shut us out. If you can’t be supportive, don’t put us down.”
Postive Score47.95918367346938
Negative Score52.04081632653062


Photograph: Boris Ryzhkov/123RF used for representational purposes only

Next Story : A hair affair with L’Oréal Professionnel

With just 10 minutes of prep, and five minutes’ cooking time, this is a seafood recipe to have in your go-to recipes file2 tbsp oil½ tbsp crushed garlic1 tbsp grated ginger½ red chilli, finely chopped1 tbsp tamarind paste180 g large prawns, peeled and deveined1 spring onions, slicedToasted sesame seeds, to garnishLime wedges, to serveCooked rice, to serveHeat the oil in a large non-stick frying pan over a medium flame.Add the garlic, ginger and chilli, and fry for two minutes until fragrant.Add the tamarind paste and mix well.Add the prawns and cook until pink, about two to three minutes.Remove from the flame and garnish with the sesame seeds.Serve with rice and lime wedges.
Postive Score47.05882352941176
Negative Score52.94117647058824


reason we love

Pair a plain white shirt with a black leather skirt, a perfect combination that goes well with black or blue stilettos. Dress like a celeb, enjoy a further discount on this look by using ‘FeminaShop’ as the coupon code.
Postive Score49.056603773584904
Negative Score50.943396226415096


Legend has it that the fate of truth and lie was irrevocably met with, on one fine day.

The lie says to the truth, “It’s a marvellous day today!”

Truth looks up to the skies and sighs, for the day was really beautiful.

They spend a lot of time together, ultimately arriving beside a well.

The lie tells the truth: “The water is very nice let’s take a bath together!”

The truth tests the water and discovers that it indeed is very nice.

They undress and start bathing. Suddenly the Lie comes out of the water, puts on the clothes of truth and runs away. The furious truth comes out of the water and runs everywhere to find the lie and get her clothes back.

The world, seeing the truth naked; turns its gaze away, with contempt and rage. The poor truth returns to the well and disappears forever, hiding therein, its shame.

Since then the lie travels the world dressed as truth, satisfying the needs of the society, because the World in any case, harbours no wish at all to meet the naked truth. (excerpt taken from The Speaking Tree)

In the light of the #MeToo movement that has taken the nation by storm, truth and lie have become the two most talked of participants. Anyone who has seen Akira Kurosawa’s Rashomon would understand how truth is a VIBGYOR and each colour has a story to tell. The allegations seem to be just about as complex. However, just the fear of false allegations should not hold us back, from instilling the fear of crime abetted. The crime of violating consent, misconduct, gangrapes are the most heinous and deserve to be brought to book at all costs.

Karl Marx and his sympathisers relegated women to the second or the lesser sphere and believed that in the scheme of things, women must become forbearers of this lesser sphere. They were to do their duty diligently and produce a score of children (read men) who would then go on to build an indestructible workforce or at least a Reserve Army. However convenient the explanation seemed for years gone by, women’s role in the society has transcended the sphere of being a child making factory. The new age workforce is a slap on the face of misogynistic societies. A transition is actively shaping up and therefore causing inconvenience to years of imbalanced power rhetoric. Women have come to occupy important roles in a plethora of professional spheres and are comfortably outdoing the age-old stereotypes.

The #MeToo movement is rather revolutionary as it hits the bull’s eye. For the first time in so long, more and more women are using the social media as a platform to unveil years of hidden trauma and hopelessness. We have lived in a society where the rich got away with most of the crimes, that the others had to inevitably bear the consequences of. It is ironical that it isn’t the justice system that is making people come forth and unleash their complaints, but rather social media, that has mostly been an inconvenient mirror to the society. This movement is making the society and its hierarchy of power and gender politics stand on their head.

Some men have apologised, some resigned, some are defiant and in turn have called it a reversed witch-hunt. A lot of men seem to sympathise with the alleged, calling women, sympathy seekers, drama queens and the sorts. Truth be told, these are the kind of reactions which strengthen our resolute in the fight against sexual assaults. Victim shaming has been the most played out card in history; unfortunately, it is no longer going to stub voices. The #MeToo movement has indeed given voice to the voiceless; power to the powerless.

Why is now the right time, you ask.

When an ambulance with an all-powerful siren, streams through the roads unhindered and yet reaches the hospital late, it comes under scanners. Not just the ambulance driver, traffic police, people’s civic sense, road structure, you name it and an avalanche of probabilistic reasons ascend.

Why then do we show apathy to justice delayed and often denied, when it comes to women survivors of rape and misconduct. After all, isn’t the physical, mental, and psychological health of women just as important, if not more?

Instead of questioning why women are opening up now and that too to social media, a gracious society would thank them for coming forth. However, media trials are only a channel for those who had their hands tied. Media trials do not constitute as a legal course of action.

It would be laughable to assume that these women coming out on social media are unaware of the same. It is taught in 8th standard school textbooks, that an FIR must be filed and in case it is not registered by the police, then one can approach the Magistrate. However robust our legal justice system is, as evident, it is inadequate in registering cases thus filed. The culture of inherent male chauvinism, victim shaming, abuse of power has made filing FIRs a lot more cumbersome. A responsible society must come forth to nip the issue in the bud. It begins with accepting that there is a web of entrenched issues to deal with.

The government of India has made it mandatory for every employer to constitute an Internal Complaints Committee (ICC). Ministry of women and child development dedicated a portal of ‘She-Box’ where women can submit complaints. These proactive measures are certain outlets apart from filing an FIR.

It becomes all the more relevant now, to question whether it is indeed time for gender sensitisation courses to start at school level. For one, it is the role of the stakeholders to look into the crux of the problem. And we are all stakeholders in this society, parents, school teachers, social media influencers, advertisements, movies, government, corporate houses, professional office spaces, are each to follow a role set that makes them responsible citizens of the society.

Let us stop normalising errant behaviour, let us stop casually airing “Men will be Men” across TV and in everyday conversations. It is rightly said, “Spare the rod, and spoil the child” If parents and teachers do not step up and mould children right from their youth, it is likely that they would become deviant from the norms of the society. They often inculcate vices, growing up; transitioning from unchecked youth to belligerent adults.

This is a war against apathy, misogyny, chauvinism; it is not a war between men and women, it is not about Bollywood v/s Hollywood. The sooner we understand this, the sooner we become ‘Woke’. Let us all aim for ‘Justice sans Frontiers’.
Postive Score44.171779141104295
Negative Score55.828220858895705


In a shocking case of arrogance and VIP culture, a former MP’s son was seen brandishing a gun at a five-star hotel in Delhi. The man has been identified as Ashish Pandey, son of ex-BSP MP Rakesh Pandey and brother of Ritesh Pandey, a sitting MLA from Jalalpur in UP’s Ambedkar Nagar. The incident reportedly took place on October 14 when Ashish got into a tiff with a couple at the hotel. That he had the temerity to whip out his gun and threaten the couple in full public view in the heart of Delhi exemplifies a despicable sense of impunity.

But this is hardly an isolated incident. In a country where VIP culture continues to be ingrained in politics and society people in power – or those close to them – often consider themselves above the law. Indeed, politics and access to power have come to mean a licence to harbour a sense of superiority. From disregarding traffic rules and causing accidents to seek priority treatment for services, it is this same deplorable VIP mindset that is at play.

The only way to remedy the situation is to strictly implement the law irrespective of the background of the accused. Political access should not in any way serve as a shield against police and legal action. In the Delhi incident, it is welcome that Delhi Police has booked Ashish. He must now be subjected to the full force of the law so as to send out a clear message to VIP brats that they are no different from other citizens of this country.
Postive Score42.857142857142854
Negative Score57.14285714285714


Here we go again. Although no survey shows the renaming of roads, cities, airports, institutions etc as a priority among the citizenry, politicians are quite addicted to this exercise. The latest is that Uttar Pradesh CM Adityanath wants to rename Allahabad as Prayagraj

Samajwadi Party president Akhilesh Yadav has promptly criticized the renaming as an Adityanath government substitute for actually working. Congress has opposed it as the dilution of the city’s associations with the independence movement. Both parties are right to see in the renaming, also being presented as the removal of ‘Akbari ki nishani’, BJP calculations to milk Hindutva mileage ahead of Lok Sabha elections. What weakens their attack, however, is the extravagance with which they too have practised the vain art of naming and renaming when in power.

Supporters claim that the city has been mentioned as Prayag in ‘ancient sacred texts’ and has been known as such for ‘ages’. For all those who instead focus on Allahabad’s history over recent centuries and decades, what is more, germane is how its glory has waned. Restoring this needs the cleaning of the mighty Ganga-Jamuna that have their ‘sangam’ here, conservation of its landmark monuments, creation of jobs, upgradation of its courts, refurbishing of the venerable Allahabad University…. Renaming the city is a red herring.
Postive Score43.169398907103826
Negative Score56.830601092896174


In a meeting with heads of oil and gas companies, Prime Minister Narendra Modi pitched for a strong partnership between oil producing and consuming countries to reduce energy costs. Coming against the backdrop of rising crude prices — which has left domestic Indian consumers reeling from increasing fuel costs — Modi also called for a review of the terms of payment to provide temporary relief to India. This is a good idea since US sanctions on Iran — a key energy supplier for India — and overall bubbling crude prices have put great strain on India’s current account deficit and threatened to impede the country’s economic growth.

True, the government could further cut excise duty on fuel to provide relief to consumers. After all, the benefit of earlier low crude prices weren’t passed on to consumers in the previous years of this government. So greater reduction in taxes along with a revision in terms of payment would be short-term measures to cushion the impact of rising energy costs. However, in the long term, there needs to be a greater balance between producers and consumers in the oil market. In fact, there is a case for buyer countries such as India and China to coordinate here to temper oil prices.

Additionally, a bigger push for renewables will serve India well by addressing the twin goals of reducing carbon footprint and decreasing dependence on fossil fuels. India has already made some right moves as part of the International Solar Alliance. But more needs to be done to ensure greater diffusion of renewables across industries. Concurrently, at the level of people, encouraging public transport and switching to green energy for the same will help rationalise India’s fossil fuel needs. It is time to push back and increase one’s bargaining power against Opec’s cartel manoeuvres.
Postive Score44.44444444444444
Negative Score55.55555555555556


(CNN) Two minutes into his first trip to space last Thursday , US astronaut Nick Hague found himself thinking how smoothly the flight was going. "It was everything I expected it to be," he told NASA director Jim Bridenstine at Johnson Space Center on Tuesday.

All was going according to plan. The Kansas native, selected by NASA to be an astronaut in 2013, was finally heading to the International Space Station. Alongside him in the cramped quarters of the Soyuz MS-10 spacecraft's capsule was Russian cosmonaut Alexey Ovchinin.

They had lifted off from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan at 2:40 pm local time.

Two minutes into the launch, during the first stage separation, the rocket's boosters are supposed to separate simultaneously and jettison back to Earth. Their job is done.

Then, things didn't go according to plan.

Shortly after launch, there was an anomaly with the booster and the launch ascent was aborted, resulting in a ballistic landing of the spacecraft, according to a NASA statement

"We were violently shaken side to side, thrust back into our seats as the launch escape system ripped us away from the rocket," Hague said in describing what happened. "As all of that's happening, you're being shaken around, vision is blurry. I hear the alarm sounding and see the red light where the engine has had an emergency. I had the vivid realization we aren't making it to orbit today, we've been pulled off rocket and we have to land."

When the capsule aborted the ascent automatically, it caused some shock for a moment. "I knew we were away from the rocket," Hague recalled. They were in ballistic reentry and descent, a sharper than normal angle of landing.

The astronauts first felt weightlessness and then an excess of G force, or the force of gravity. The interpreter for the Russians said "6.7 Gs." Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield tweeted, "On a normal Soyuz entry we pull about 4G, but ballistic yields 8 or 9, depending on angle and speed."

"As it rips us away from the rocket, once those thrusters are done. We're like if you throw a baseball up in the air, it's going to follow this ballistic trajectory," Hague said. "That weightlessness was when we were peaking out and getting ready to fall back down to the Earth."

As the capsule fell back to Earth, it had to slow down so the chutes could open. The aerodynamic drag caused the excessive G forces. Minutes passed and the G force started to "peak up," Hague said.

The worst of it lasted for about 20 seconds, he said. But they had trained for this in the centrifuge, at higher G forces, for longer durations.

On a normal Soyuz entry we pull about 4G, but ballistic yields 8 or 9, depending on angle and speed. https://t.co/Ofz74npsJE — Chris Hadfield (@Cmdr_Hadfield) October 11, 2018

But it wasn't like his experience in military aircraft, where the Gs try to pull the blood out of your head. Instead, they were "coming straight at us," he said. They pushed down on his chest. He had learned how to keep his chest open so he could take in a breath of air. Then, he had to keep his muscles flexed and essentially breathe with his stomach, using his abdomen to open the diaphragm in order to keep breathing in and out.

Memories of that moment will be forever burned into Hague's mind he said. "I remember this small piece of debris floating across in front of my face and looking up and seeing our Zero G indicators floating there and realizing, 'This must be what space is going to feel like, but not today.'"

The capsule was still under the nose cone of the rocket. For 30 seconds, they couldn't see outside, anxiously waiting for the cone to separate so they could watch as they plummeted down through Earth's atmosphere.

"Those 30 seconds were the longest of the entire process," Hague said. His mind was full, trying to process what had happened, where they were, if he and his fellow cosmonaut were OK and figure out the state of their vehicle.

Then, the practice kicked in.

Hague and Ovchinin both transitioned from launch procedures to landing, preparing for what to do to get back to ground over the next 15 minutes.

Yet, to listen to them speak on the recording now, they sound calm.

Part of Hague's astronaut training included learning Russian. He can be heard speaking in Russian as Ovchinin communicated what was happening to Russian mission control.

Hague chalks it up to so much time spent training, going through every possible failure scenario -- including one similar to what actually happened. But, he chuckled, "There were a lot of things I probably wanted to say."

"You realize you're in a tough spot, the thing you can do to give yourself the highest chance of success is focus and stay calm and do the things you were trained to do," he added.

After the Gs started to drop off, the astronauts followed standard landing procedure -- which they've practiced hundreds of times.

But they weren't prepared for the physical sensations. Hague had scrawled some notes during training of what to expect. Then, he felt it.

"When the parachute opens, it's five to six Gs of lateral side to side of swinging back and forth," Hague said. "Before the chutes open, we're trying to collect loose items in capsule so they don't become projectiles."

Normally, in anticipation of a landing, rescue forces would be circling in helicopters, giving the astronauts updates on their altitude. Instead, Hague was looking out the window and trying to guess while Ovchinin tried to communicate with rescue forces in order to be extracted.

Then, at the last minute right before touchdown, the rockets ignited to help brace and minimize impact with the ground.

told CNN in 2016 to describe what it's like to return to earth from the International Space Station. "It's like going over Niagara Falls in a barrel but while you're on fire." Hague said that's exactly what it felt like. "It is the brute force method of getting back from space," retired astronaut Scott Kellytold CNN in 2016 to describe what it's like to return to earth from the International Space Station. "It's like going over Niagara Falls in a barrel but while you're on fire." Hague said that's exactly what it felt like.

Next, Ovchinin acted quickly, cutting the parachute so they wouldn't drag. The crew landed south of the city of Zhezkazgan in Kazakhstan. The whole ordeal unfolded in about 15 minutes.

"It felt like we bounced two or three times, tumbled and skidded to a stop," Hague said. "It was a rough ride. When we skidded to the stop and I looked out the window, I gave this huge sigh of relief."

Photos: In photos: Soyuz rocket launch Photos: In photos: Soyuz rocket launch The Soyuz MS-10 spacecraft carrying US astronaut Nick Hague and cosmonaut Alexey Ovchinin of Russia blasts off from the launchpad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan, on Thursday, October 11. Hide Caption 1 of 13 Photos: In photos: Soyuz rocket launch Alexey Ovchinin, left, and Nick Hague are escorted by officials after returning to Earth. Hide Caption 2 of 13 Photos: In photos: Soyuz rocket launch A view of the Soyuz MS-10 space capsule after the failed launch. Hide Caption 3 of 13 Photos: In photos: Soyuz rocket launch A crowd watches as the Soyuz-FG rocket booster lifts off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome. Dramatic footage minutes later showed the capsule carrying the crew as it parachuted back to Earth before thumping down in a plume of dust in Kazakhstan, about 250 miles away from where it took off.

Hide Caption 4 of 13 Photos: In photos: Soyuz rocket launch The rocket blasts off from the launch pad. Shortly after, the Soyuz MS-10 spacecraft was able to separate from the Soyuz-FG rocket after the booster failure emerged. "I'm grateful that everyone is safe," said NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine. "A thorough investigation into the cause of the incident will be conducted." Hide Caption 5 of 13 Photos: In photos: Soyuz rocket launch Roscosmos cosmonaut Alexey Ovchinin has his suit checked ahead of the Soyuz MS-10 flight. Hide Caption 6 of 13 Photos: In photos: Soyuz rocket launch US astronaut Nick Hague, back, and Russian cosmonaut Alexey Ovchinin board the rocket prior to launch. Hide Caption 7 of 13 Photos: In photos: Soyuz rocket launch Nick Hague and Alexey Ovchinin report to Roscosmos head Dmitry Rogozin before boarding the Soyuz MS-10 spacecraft. Hide Caption 8 of 13 Photos: In photos: Soyuz rocket launch Ovchinin and Hague are briefed ahead of their mission. Hide Caption 9 of 13 Photos: In photos: Soyuz rocket launch Nick Hague bids farewell during a ceremony ahead of the rocket's departure. Hide Caption 10 of 13 Photos: In photos: Soyuz rocket launch Hague and Ovchinin speak with their relatives through safety glass prior to the launch of Soyuz MS-10. Hide Caption 11 of 13 Photos: In photos: Soyuz rocket launch Gloves from the astronauts' space suits are checked ahead of the scheduled launch on October 11. Hide Caption 12 of 13 Photos: In photos: Soyuz rocket launch An Orthodox priest blesses the Soyuz-FG rocket booster launch site on Wednesday, October 10. Hide Caption 13 of 13

-retired astronaut Peggy Whitson during a gut-wrenching, off-target landing in April 2008. She said the Soyuz spacecraft hit the ground so hard it bounced -- although she didn't know it at the time. "From inside the capsule I had no perspective that we actually had bounced, it was just one big hit and a roll," Whitson A similar landing happened to nowretired astronaut Peggy Whitson during a gut-wrenching, off-target landing in April 2008. She said the Soyuz spacecraft hit the ground so hard it bounced -- although she didn't know it at the time. "From inside the capsule I had no perspective that we actually had bounced, it was just one big hit and a roll," Whitson told CNN at the time.

Hague and Ovchinin were all grins from ear to ear, high-fiving each other and cracking jokes about the short flight.

"We looked each other eye to eye and knew we had survived," Hague said.

The capsule had landed on the hatch that the astronauts are supposed to be able to use to evacuate. They were hanging from their straps. Rescue forces said they weren't far away, and para-rescuers jumped as soon as possible to reach them.

Minutes later, there was a tap on the window, and fingers forming the OK signal. Hague gave them a big smile in response. He said the Russian search and rescue teams "amazed" him with their response.

Hague walked away from the landing with a few bumps and bruises. The two astronauts were flown to Baikonur, where they were reunited with their families and officials.

Thank you all for your support & heartfelt prayers. Operational teams were outstanding in ensuring our safety & returning us to family & friends. Working with our international partners, I'm confident that we will find a path forward & continue the achievements of @Space_Station. pic.twitter.com/GyoEWB1gRB — Nick Hague (@AstroHague) October 12, 2018

"When I got to see him at the airport, his personality was as bright as ever," NASA director Bridenstine said. "I am humbled and just thrilled. The training paid off."

The investigation behind the cause of the booster anomaly is underway. Tuesday, Hague went out with his wife for a run in Houston, enjoying the cool fall weather. But he's eager to truly go to space and have a successful launch in the future, whenever that may be.

"For a first flight for me, it was extremely memorable," Hague said.

It could have been worse, but still, it's a harrowing experience for an astronaut expecting to live in space for six months.
Postive Score48.275862068965516
Negative Score51.724137931034484


(CNN) You may be aware that a plant-based diet can make you healthier by lowering your risk for obesity, heart disease and Type 2 diabetes. Now, a study suggests there's another good reason to regularly eat meatless meals. By filling your plate with plant foods instead of animal foods, you can help save the planet.

The study, published last week in the journal Nature, found that as a result of population growth and the continued consumption of Western diets high in red meats and processed foods, the environmental pressures of the food system could increase by up to 90% by 2050, "exceeding key planetary boundaries that define a safe operating space for humanity beyond which Earth's vital ecosystems could become unstable," according to study author Marco Springmann of the Oxford Martin Programme on the Future of Food at the University of Oxford.

"It could lead to dangerous levels of climate change with higher occurrences of extreme weather events, affect the regulatory function of forest ecosystems and biodiversity ... and pollute water bodies such that it would lead to more oxygen-depleted dead zones in oceans," Springmann said.

"If the whole world, which continues to grow, eats more like us, the impacts are staggering, and the planet simply can't withstand it," said Sharon Palmer, a registered dietitian nutritionist and plant-based food and sustainability expert in Los Angeles who was not involved in the new research.

Sustaining a healthier planet will require halving the amount of food loss and waste, and improving farming practices and technologies. But it will also require a shift toward more plant-based diets, according to Springmann.

As Palmer noted, "research consistently shows that drastically reducing animal food intake and mostly eating plant foods is one of the most powerful things you can do to reduce your impact on the planet over your lifetime, in terms of energy required, land used, greenhouse gas emissions, water used and pollutants produced."

How a meat-based diet negatively affects the environment

It might come as a surprise, but Springmann's study found that the production of animal products generates the majority of food-related greenhouse-gas emissions -- specifically, up to 78% of total agricultural emissions.

This, he explained, is due to manure-related emissions, to their "low feed-conversion efficiencies" (meaning cows and other animals are not efficient in converting what they eat into body weight) and to enteric fermentation in ruminants, a process that takes place in a cow's stomach when it digests food that leads to methane emissions.

The feed-related impacts of animal products also contribute to freshwater use and pressures on cropland, as well as nitrogen and phosphorus application, which over time could lead to dead zones in oceans, low-oxygen areas where few organisms can survive, according to Springmann.

For an example of how animal foods compare with plant-based foods in terms of environmental effects, consider that "beef is more than 100 times as emissions-intensive as legumes," Springmann said. "This is because a cow needs, on average, 10 kilograms of feed, often from grains, to grow 1 kilogram of body weight, and that feed will have required water, land and fertilizer inputs to grow."

In addition, cows emit the potent greenhouse gas methane during digestion, which makes cows and other ruminants such as sheep especially high-emitting.

Other animal foods have lower impacts because they don't produce methane in their stomachs and require less feed than cows, Springmann explained. For example, cows emit about 10 times more greenhouse gases per kilogram of meat than pigs and chickens, which themselves emit about 10 times more than legumes.

Like animals, plants also require inputs from the environment in order to grow, but the magnitude is significantly less, Springmann explained.

"In today's agricultural system, we grow plants to feed animals, which require all of those resources and inputs: land, water, fossil fuels, pesticides, herbicides and fertilizer to grow. And then we feed plants to animals and care for them over their lifetime, while they produce methane and manure," Palmer said.

Adopting more plant-based diets for ourselves could reduce the greenhouse gas emissions of the food system by more than half, according to the Nature study. A mainly plant-based diet could also reduce other environmental impacts, such as those from fertilizers, and save up to quarter use of both farmland and fresh water, according to Springmann.

Palmer explained that "legumes [or pulses], such as beans, lentils and peas are the most sustainable protein source on the planet. They require very small amounts of water to grow, they can grow in harsh, dry climates, they grow in poor nations, providing food security, and they act like a natural fertilizer, capturing nitrogen from the air and fixing it in the soil. Thus, there is less need for synthetic fertilizers. These are the types of protein sources we need to rely upon more often."

Flexitarian: The healthy compromise for you and the planet

Experts agree that if you are not ready to give up meat entirely, a flexitarian diet, which is predominantly plant-based, can help. This diet includes plenty of fruits, vegetables and plant-based protein sources including legumes, soybeans and nuts, along with modest amounts of poultry, fish, milk and eggs, and small amounts of red meat.

Vegetarian and vegan diets would result in even lower greenhouse gas emissions, but a flexitarian diet "is the least stringent that is both healthy and would reduce greenhouse gas emissions enough for us to stay within environmental limits," according to Springmann.

Palmer said that "although vegan diets, followed by vegetarian diets, are linked with the lowest environmental impacts, not everyone is interested in taking on those lifestyles. But everyone can eat more of a flexitarian diet. It doesn't mean that you have to give up meat completely, but you significantly reduce your intake of it."

Registered dietitian nutritionist Dawn Jackson Blatner described it this way: "A flexitarian is really someone who wakes up with the intention of being more vegetarian. It's different from vegetarian in that there is some flexibility."

Going flexitarian

Just how "flexitarian" you wish to be can be flexible, too. For example, Blatner, who was not involved in the Nature study, offers three levels of the diet in her book "The Flexitarian Diet": a "beginner" flexitarian, who consumes six to eight meatless meals per week (or is limited to 26 ounces of animal protein); an "advanced" flexitarian, who eats nine to 14 meatless meals per week (or is limited to 18 ounces of animal protein); and an "expert" flexitarian, who eats at least 15 meatless meals or limits animal protein to 9 ounces per week.

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

The key is not just eliminating meat but swapping in plant-based proteins, including beans and lentils. A Mediterranean meal might incorporate chickpeas; a Mexican meal might have black beans or pintos; an Asian meal might include edamame; an Italian meal might use white beans or lentils to make a "Bolognese" pasta sauce, Blatner explained.

"I wrote the book because I really wanted to be a vegetarian, but I just couldn't do it so strictly," she said. "I really wanted to lean in to a more plant-based diet, but I needed a little more flexibility. So it's the great compromise."

Flexitarian fast-start

To get started on a flexitarian diet, here's a sample three-day plan, courtesy of Blatner. You'll notice that some meals have a choice of a plant-based protein or an animal-based protein. Choose plant as often as you can, and you'll soon be an expert-level flexitarian of 15-plus meatless meals per week.

Day 1

Breakfast of avocado toast: sprouted whole-grain toast + avocado + spinach + egg

Lunch of kale ranch bowl: chicken or chickpeas + chopped kale/tomatoes + roasted sweet potato cubes + ranch dressing

Dinner of tacos: seasoned white fish or lentils + corn tortillas + cabbage slaw + guacamole + salsa

Snack of apple + pecans and/or cucumber + hummus

Day 2

Breakfast of peanut butter oatmeal: oatmeal + natural peanut butter + chopped apple

Lunch of a Mexican bowl: chicken or black beans + chopped romaine/peppers + brown rice + guacamole + salsa

Dinner of a Mediterranean plate: chicken or chickpeas + cucumber/tomato/feta salad + lemon-dill brown rice

Snack of grape tomatoes + mozzarella stick and/or clementine + pistachios

Day 3

Breakfast of green belly smoothie: 2% plain kefir + rolled oats + banana + spinach

Lunch of Asian bowl: chicken or edamame + coleslaw mix + quinoa + ginger dressing

Dinner of burgers: beef or bean burger + sweet potato fries + veggie dippers with ranch

Snack of carrots + almond butter and/or dark chocolate + berries
A riff on Josh Ozersky’s famous minimalist hash browns, these are made by sprinkling grated sweet potato over hot butter in a very thin layer, then waiting patiently for the starch to work its magic. Crisp, salty, buttery and addictive, you could probably eat the entire batch in one sitting (or force yourself to be generous and share with a friend). Serve with a fried or over-easy egg for a complete breakfast.
Postive Score77.77777777777779
Negative Score22.22222222222222


A riff on Josh Ozersky’s famous minimalist hash browns, these are made by sprinkling grated sweet potato over hot butter in a very thin layer, then waiting patiently for the starch to work its magic. Crisp, salty, buttery and addictive, you could probably eat the entire batch in one sitting (or force yourself to be generous and share with a friend). Serve with a fried or over-easy egg for a complete breakfast.
Postive Score81.25
Negative Score18.75


A riff on Josh Ozersky’s famous minimalist hash browns, these are made by sprinkling grated sweet potato over hot butter in a very thin layer, then waiting patiently for the starch to work its magic. Crisp, salty, buttery and addictive, you could probably eat the entire batch in one sitting (or force yourself to be generous and share with a friend). Serve with a fried or over-easy egg for a complete breakfast.
Postive Score82.6086956521739
Negative Score17.391304347826086


These elegant swans are made just like an eclair — using two pastry kitchen workhorses: pastry cream and pâte à choux. Pipe the pâte à choux into perfect teardrops, pulling the pastry bag away from the bodies as you finish each one to achieve that pointed tail end. When you are piping out the question marks for the necks, drag the tip of the pastry bag against the baking sheet ever so slightly to create a tiny beak. You'll have so much fun running those golden beaks through a flame after they are baked and watching them blacken into the uncanny likeness of swans.

Featured in: Now Is The Time For The Comfort Of Swan Shaped Pastries.
Postive Score82.75862068965517
Negative Score17.24137931034483


Diplomat cream is the professional baker’s tool for pastry cream that won’t collapse and turn watery. It uses both cornstarch and gelatin for the reliable structure, but a little cold butter and whipped cream keep it silky, tender and lightweight. You can fill the shells with this cream up to four hours in advance and not be disappointed.

Featured in: Now Is The Time For The Comfort Of Swan Shaped Pastries.
Postive Score78.78787878787878
Negative Score21.21212121212121


The easy-to-memorize marinade for this fast broiled salmon hits all the right notes: salty, sweet and sour. The fish emerges from the oven with caramelized, crisp skin, which contrasts nicely with a salad of fresh parsley or cilantro (or both), tossed with sesame oil and rice wine vinegar. Close contact with the intense heat will help crisp up the skin, while keeping the rest of the fish tender and flaky. To avoid overcooking the salmon, be sure to buy fillets that are at least 1 inch thick, and keep an eye on the fish.
Postive Score80.95238095238095
Negative Score19.047619047619047


I learned about the genesis of this dish from Suvir Saran, an Indian chef in New York. This dish is Manchurian in origin and is based on an ingredient that is in almost every refrigerator. It's stir-fried chicken with ketchup, and before you turn your nose up, think how good ketchup can taste. In the version he cooked for me, Mr. Saran tossed cauliflower in a slurry of cornstarch and egg, then deep-fried it. The crust was exquisite, and the cauliflower perfectly cooked. But it was what happened next that really got my attention: He finished the cauliflower in a sauce, made in about three minutes, containing nothing more than ketchup, garlic and cayenne pepper.

Featured in: The Minimalist; A Condiment Gets To Shine.
Postive Score81.81818181818183
Negative Score18.181818181818183


It's easy to make a pretty good beet salad, but this one makes the leap into greatness. After decades of kitchen experiments, the chef and beet maven Andrew Carmellini shared how to elevate both elements: marinate the beets, then season and whip the goat cheese. Feel free to cook the beets on a grill instead of in the oven if you've got a fire going. Young beets, juicy and tender enough to bite into, can be used instead of the thick-skinned, mature kind. But do not roast: Steam them just until tender.

Featured in: Think Beet And Goat Cheese Salad Is A Cliché? A New Recipe Proves It’s A Classic.
Postive Score84.61538461538461
Negative Score15.384615384615385


Chili in the electric pressure cooker is super fast and extremely convenient. This version is on the gently spiced side, so if you're looking for more heat, feel free to increase the chili powder or add a big pinch of cayenne – or throw a couple of extra jalapeños into the pot. Keep in mind that the leaner the beef, the less flavorful the chili. Eighty percent is a good bet here. You can also substitute ground pork or dark meat turkey. Leftover chili freezes like a dream.

Learn: How to Make Chili
Postive Score81.66666666666667
Negative Score18.333333333333332


Start cooking the rice or quinoa that you will serve this with, prep your vegetables and make the stir-fry. The prep is the most time-consuming but there aren’t too many ingredients. You can be sitting down about 35 minutes after you begin.

Featured in: Quick One Dish Meals, Some Cooking Required.
Postive Score80.32786885245902
Negative Score19.672131147540984


A galette is the perfect dessert for anyone who thinks the crust-to-fruit ratio of the average pie is way off. In a galette, the fruit filling is thinner, so you have more flaky pastry to every bite. It also means a galette cooks a bit faster and can be sliced while warm, a boon for the impatient. Don't be alarmed if your galette leaks as they most often do. The final product never seems to suffer.
Postive Score77.27272727272727
Negative Score22.727272727272727


Sorry! We're currently performing maintenance on the site. Certain actions are not working at this time. Check back later.
Postive Score77.27272727272727
Negative Score22.727272727272727


Sorry! We're currently performing maintenance on the site. Certain actions are not working at this time. Check back later.
Postive Score77.27272727272727
Negative Score22.727272727272727


Sorry! We're currently performing maintenance on the site. Certain actions are not working at this time. Check back later.
Postive Score77.27272727272727
Negative Score22.727272727272727


Sorry! We're currently performing maintenance on the site. Certain actions are not working at this time. Check back later.
Postive Score77.27272727272727
Negative Score22.727272727272727


Sorry! We're currently performing maintenance on the site. Certain actions are not working at this time. Check back later.
Postive Score77.27272727272727
Negative Score22.727272727272727


A New Climate Tipping Point A landmark United Nations report says that we’re likely to witness some of the most devastating effects of global warming within our lifetimes. We talk to one man with a solution.

Hosted by Michael Barbaro, produced by Alexandra Leigh Young, Michael Simon Johnson and Clare Toeniskoetter, and edited by Lisa Tobin
Postive Score76.11940298507463
Negative Score23.88059701492537


Hi and welcome to Five Weeknight Dishes, with recipe ideas for busy people like you. Can I also put in a plug for chicken soup made from scratch? (Don’t worry, this newsletter isn’t sponsored by Big Soup.) On Sunday, I used my electric pressure cooker to make spicy chicken stock, with this Bon Appétit recipe providing inspiration. We’ve had it for dinner off and on all week, adding shredded chicken, rice noodles, jalapeño, sliced squash and a drizzle of Sichuan chile oil. So good.

O.K., one more plug: I’m doing a talk on Tuesday evening at the Museum of Food and Drink in New York with the amazing Kate McDermott! Kate is a master pie baker who teaches all over the country, so we’ll be talking about that, but also about her hippie youth on the West Coast of the ’60s and ’70s, and the ways in which the food thinking of that era have become vital again. I’d love to meet you, so if you’re there, please say hello. Or I’m at dearemily@nytimes.com if you just want to send me a note sometime.

Here are five dishes for the week:
Postive Score76.71232876712328
Negative Score23.28767123287671


Each morning, Jamal Khashoggi would check his phone to discover what fresh hell had been unleashed while he was sleeping.

He would see the work of an army of Twitter trolls, ordered to attack him and other influential Saudis who had criticized the kingdom’s leaders. He sometimes took the attacks personally, so friends made a point of calling frequently to check on his mental state.

“The mornings were the worst for him because he would wake up to the equivalent of sustained gunfire online,” said Maggie Mitchell Salem, a friend of Mr. Khashoggi’s for more than 15 years.

Mr. Khashoggi’s online attackers were part of a broad effort dictated by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and his close advisers to silence critics both inside Saudi Arabia and abroad. Hundreds of people work at a so-called troll farm in Riyadh to smother the voices of dissidents like Mr. Khashoggi. The vigorous push also appears to include the grooming — not previously reported — of a Saudi employee at Twitter whom Western intelligence officials suspected of spying on user accounts to help the Saudi leadership.
Postive Score71.26436781609196
Negative Score28.735632183908045


Saudi Arabia’s explanation of why its agents had strangled the dissident journalist Jamal Khashoggi in the kingdom’s consulate in Istanbul was met with a flood of international skepticism on Saturday, even as President Trump said this new account that he was killed after a fistfight sounded credible.

A Saudi official offered the kingdom’s first explanation for the involvement of a doctor of forensic medicine specializing in autopsies — a critical detail adding to international doubts about the kingdom’s story. The doctor was dispatched to help clean up fingerprints or other evidence if necessary, the official said, not to help dismember Mr. Khashoggi’s body in order to dispose of it after a premeditated assassination, as Turkish officials have charged.

The Saudis appeared to have bet heavily that they can persuade the world that Mr. Khashoggi, a bespectacled 60-year-old writer, was strangled only after he had engaged in a fistfight with a team of Saudi agents at the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul.

In their latest version of events, they insisted that the agents had flown to Istanbul to carry out a mission without any specific authorization or even the knowledge of the crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman, 33, the kingdom’s de facto ruler.
Postive Score67.02127659574468
Negative Score32.97872340425532


The Saudis initially claimed that Mr. Khashoggi had left the consulate alive and professed to be worried about his fate, later hinting that the killing might have been the act of rogue agents.

But international outrage mounted as Turkish officials leaked lurid details from their own investigation suggesting that he was murdered inside the consulate and dismembered by a team of Saudi agents who flew in specifically to kill him.

The case has battered the international reputation of the kingdom and the 33-year-old Prince Mohammed, who has sought to sell himself to the world as a young reformer shaking off his country’s conservative past. But suspicions that such a complicated foreign operation could not have been launched without at least his tacit approval have driven away many of his staunchest foreign supporters.

For the first time on Saturday, a Saudi official familiar with the government’s handling of the situation put forward the kingdom’s narrative of the events that led to Mr. Khashoggi’s death.

The kingdom had a general order to return dissidents living abroad, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation was continuing. When the consulate in Istanbul reported that Mr. Khashoggi would be coming on Oct. 2 to pick up a document needed for his coming marriage, General Assiri dispatched a 15-man team to confront him.

The team included Maher Abdulaziz Mutrib, a security officer identified by The New York Times this week as a frequent member of the crown prince’s security detail during foreign trips, the official said. Mr. Mutrib had been chosen because he had worked with Mr. Khashoggi a decade ago in the Saudi Embassy in London and knew him personally.

But the order to return Mr. Khashoggi to the kingdom was misinterpreted as it made its way down the chain of command, the Saudi official said, and a confrontation ensued when Mr. Khashoggi saw the men. He tried to flee, the men stopped him, punches were thrown, Mr. Khashoggi screamed and one of the men put him in a chokehold, strangling him to death, the official said.
Postive Score60.36036036036037
Negative Score39.63963963963964


Republicans are also focusing on winning battlegrounds like Wisconsin, Florida and Ohio, where their nominees for governor are running more evenly against Democrats. But even in Wisconsin, where Gov. Scott Walker, the G.O.P. incumbent, is battling for a third term, President Trump is coming Wednesday to try to shore up the party’s ticket, including its struggling Senate candidate, Leah Vukmir.

“Governor’s races lead the off-year ticket so they work like a big snowplow, clearing the way for the party offices below them,” said Mike Murphy, a Republican strategist. “If you have a weak snowplow, a lot less gets through behind you”

As the G.O.P. struggles particularly in the Midwest, which President Trump sees as perhaps the most crucial part of his base, Michigan offers a vivid illustration of a crucial political dynamic: While control of Congress and the midterm implications for Mr. Trump consume attention, it is the coattails of Democrats at the top of state tickets that could dramatically reshape American politics after 2018.

In Michigan, which the president narrowly carried in 2016, the Democratic nominee for governor, Gretchen Whitmer, has become one of the year’s breakout sensations after cruising in an easier-than-expected primary and establishing a commanding general election lead. On Friday night, she campaigned in this college town with Senator Bernie Sanders to rally young voters — not because she needed help, but because Michigan Democrats now think they could flip as many as four House seats in the state and win other races to loosen the Republicans’ grip on power here.

Polling by The New York Times Upshot and Siena College found that the Democratic nominee had a lead in one of those House races, while another was effectively tied.
Postive Score62.698412698412696
Negative Score37.301587301587304


In reality, Ms Abrams could not expand Medicaid “on Day 1,” as she likes to say — and likely not even during her first year in office. The state legislature, which has to agree to it, will almost certainly remain under Republican control. And the leadership will likely remain resistant even though a number of rank-and-file members, especially in rural areas whose hospitals are in jeopardy, could start voicing more support.

But Ms. Abrams, who until last year served as minority leader of the Georgia House of Representatives, insists the legislature will have no choice but to accept Medicaid expansion before long.

“Most of the hospital closures are in Republican districts and they know there has to be a solution,” she said in an interview. “I think there are real political consequences, as well as the moral and physical consequences that have been in place for so long. They can read polls as well as I can.”

Since 2014, the Affordable Care Act has allowed states to provide Medicaid coverage to adults with incomes up to 138 percent of the poverty level, or $16,642 for a single person. Currently, adults who aren’t elderly or disabled cannot qualify for Medicaid in Georgia unless they have small children and minute incomes — $7,480 a year for a family of three, for example. The state has more uninsured people — nearly 500,000, according to one estimate — who would become eligible for Medicaid under expansion than any but Texas and Florida.

Mr. Kemp, Georgia’s secretary of state, has echoed the outgoing governor, Nathan Deal, also a Republican, in dismissing Medicaid expansion as too expensive.

Ms Abrams puts the eventual cost to Georgia at nearly $300 million a year, though offset by savings in charity care and other areas; Republicans say it could be above $450 million. For some rural voters, Mr. Kemp’s message resonates more.
Postive Score62.68656716417911
Negative Score37.3134328358209


“I promise no voter in New York is saying, ‘I wish more campaign ads were on the air,’” said Glen Caplin, an adviser to Ms. Gillibrand, adding that the campaign was continuously evaluating the state of the race. Her campaign has taped a television ad in case it is needed.

“We’re trying to do it a little differently,” Ms. Gillibrand explained. “What that looks like is I’ve done 16 town halls; I’ve been to all 62 counties; I’m trying to really create a grass-roots-oriented campaign and a modern campaign.”

Some of Ms. Gillibrand’s limited spending has been geared to an audience far beyond New York.

In recent weeks, she has bought Facebook ads nationally to raise money for Democratic senators and Senate candidates, including Kyrsten Sinema in Arizona, Claire McCaskill in Missouri and Jacky Rosen in Nevada. (Donations are split between Ms. Gillibrand’s campaign and the candidates, while her campaign harvests valuable new donor contacts.)

She is running other ad programs to expand her database of supporters: In late September, a series of Facebook ads, which also ran nationally, featured a one-question survey: “Do you approve of President Trump?” Pathmatics said she spent $183,000 on one such ad.

A study by academics of Facebook ad data compiled by Pathmatics showed that Ms. Gillibrand spent $1.5 million on Facebook ads through August, but only 9 percent of it in New York. In contrast, 82 percent of spending on Facebook ads by Senator Amy Klobuchar, a Minnesota Democrat who is also up for re-election, was within her state.

Senator Bernie Sanders, who is also on the ballot this year, spent only 1 percent for ads in his home state, Vermont, the study showed. The heavily favored Mr. Sanders has also spent little on his re-election, ending September with $8.8 million in his campaign account, though he is not expected to face the same financial pressures as other candidates if he runs again for president, because he already has an expansive donor base. His 2016 campaign was powered by more than $230 million in mostly small contributions.

Ms. Gillibrand, Ms. Warren and Mr. Sanders would all enjoy one other financial advantage if they run right after getting re-elected: Not only can they transfer everything left over from their Senate campaign to a presidential committee, they can also tap again every past donor, even those who have given the legal maximum of $5,400 in the 2018 cycle, because it would be a new campaign.
Postive Score64.38356164383562
Negative Score35.61643835616438


Democratic candidates have also used consumer-facing apps to promote their political campaigns and advocacy. But the main election apps currently used on the left — such as MiniVAN, built by NGP VAN, a leading technology provider to Democrats — are geared more narrowly for campaign volunteers engaging in door-to-door canvassing, an activity where they can woo and record details on individual voters. Many are not designed to create lasting social communities.

This year, Democratic campaigns are also embracing peer-to-peer text messaging, a technology that may engage younger voters more than stand-alone candidate apps do. Not to be outdone, uCampaign recently started its own peer-to-peer texting platform, RumbleUp, for conservative campaigns.

Mr. Peters, a Catholic blogger and former web developer, said he hadn’t set out to become the go-to app maker for conservatives. In 2012, he was working as a conservative activist in Washington and grew frustrated with the success of the Obama campaign’s digital outreach efforts.

The Obama campaign had a smartphone app that supporters could use to follow campaign news, volunteer, canvas voters and promote campaign messages on social media. Mitt Romney, the Republican challenger, had an app whose central feature was a photo filter allowing supporters to take selfies with the slogan “I’m with Mitt.” Mr. Peters was not impressed.

“It did not do the one thing I wanted it to do,” he said, which was to “help win the election for Mitt Romney by asking me to donate money to them, to post things to social media, to invite my friends and family to register to vote — to do all of the things, basically, that the Obama app did.”
Postive Score64.28571428571429
Negative Score35.714285714285715


Facebook and the Brazilian government have scrambled to counter the disinformation. Earlier this year, the country’s federal police agency established a task force to limit the influence of false news. Justice Luiz Fux, who oversaw the top electoral court in Brazil, argued that it might be sensible to curb free speech in order to protect the integrity of the election.

Experts, however, are skeptical that disinformation can be stemmed before the election.

“Even if there is an order to give someone a fine for spreading fake news, by the time you do that, it’s gone, the elections are over,” said Fernando Neisser, who coordinates the Brazilian Academy of Electoral and Political Law. “No one is ready to deal with the speed and the volume of this fake news problem.”

Facebook has set up a “War Room” on its Menlo Park, Calif., campus, a way for teams across all parts of the organization to quickly respond to attacks and disinformation campaigns in real time.

Samidh Chakrabarti, who leads Facebook’s elections and civic engagement team, said the new setup had been helpful. A number of attempts at voter suppression and hate speech targeted at specific geographic areas have been quashed in a matter of hours, he said.

WhatsApp is testing changes to the way its service operates. It has cut down the number of users messages that can be forwarded from 256 to 20. (In India, the limit is five.) And WhatsApp has introduced a print, television and radio advertising campaign in Brazil to reach an estimated 50 million people with tips on how to spot misinformation.

WhatsApp is also working with Comprova, a consortium of Brazilian media organizations, to fact-check thousands of tips about suspicious information and verify true stories. The group has received more than 100,000 messages to vet. “Fato ou Fake,” the news literacy project, has vetted more than 700 pieces of information.

“While the desire to spread and consume sometimes harmful sensational information predates the internet, it certainly makes it easier,” Chris Daniels, vice president of WhatsApp, told a newspaper editorial in Brazil on Wednesday. “Because information — both good and bad — can go viral on WhatsApp even with these limits in place, we have a responsibility to amplify the good and mitigate the harm.”
Postive Score60.893854748603346
Negative Score39.10614525139665


For months, technology companies in San Francisco have fought a local ballot proposition that would impose taxes on corporations to fund initiatives to help the homeless.

But last week, that unified front crumbled when Marc Benioff, chief executive of Salesforce, the online software company that is the city’s largest private employer, broke from the pack. “Homelessness is all of our responsibility,” he tweeted. Then the billionaire committed $2 million to passing the tax measure and criticized his fellow tech moguls for not caring.

Now San Francisco’s tech community is in an uproar over the initiative, which is known as Proposition C and will be on the ballot on Nov. 6. Venture capitalists and companies including the online payments start-up Stripe are lobbying and donating money to defeat the tax. And Jack Dorsey, chief executive of Twitter and Square, who opposes the measure, has publicly bickered with Mr. Benioff. On Friday, Mr. Dorsey tweeted, “We need to have long term solutions in place, not quick acts to make us feel good for one moment in time.”

The vitriol among tech executives over the proposition has become “awkward,” said Scott Wiener, a Democratic state senator who represents San Francisco and surrounding areas and who is against the tax. Still, he praised the companies for becoming more involved in local politics.
Postive Score60.0
Negative Score40.0


“I’ve definitely not revealed the secret of Coke,” said Mr. Lee, who represented Apple in a patent suit against Samsung — another trial that exposed closely guarded secrets. But, he acknowledged, “you’re learning a lot about the admissions process that never would have been public otherwise. We want you to know. Once you understand it, you can understand how decisions are made.”

Some, but not all, of the secrets have buttressed Harvard’s elite reputation.

It casts a wide net for students, aggressively recruiting those in “sparse country,” predominantly rural areas that yield few applications. It considers a dizzying array of factors, from SAT scores (the higher the better) to athletic ability (recruited athletes receive a big advantage) to interviews (be “effervescent,” “fun,” but “mature”) and more. A lack of deep pockets won’t hinder a hopeful and might even help one’s chances, testimony showed.

But there were other disclosures suggesting that admissions decisions are somewhat arbitrary.

There is the special list for those whom the admissions dean has taken an interest in, some of whom are the relatives of wealthy donors. There is the vague “personal” rating, which can lift or hurt an applicant’s chances based on an assessment of character traits and background, from “outstanding” to “bland or somewhat negative or immature” to “questionable personal qualities.” And the trial this week has raised questions about whether unconscious bias affects the process, either on the part of admissions officials or the teachers and counselors who write letters on applicants’ behalf.

More important than numerical ratings — Harvard uses a scale of 1 (top of the heap) to 6 (no chance) to measure the many aspects of a student’s profile — is “the description and the complexity of the description” provided by those assessing the applicant, Mr. Fitzsimmons said this week in testimony.

A rare look inside a student’s admissions file this week has shined a light on what that means. Harvard referred the court to Thang Q. Diep (Harvard Class of 2019), who had only middling test scores but was admitted to the college by showing a strong work ethic and “infectiously happy personality,” as his admissions file says. Mr. Diep, who was born in Vietnam, submitted part of his file in court to help Harvard fight charges of discrimination.

“Here’s a person who until the fourth grade was in another country and English was not his first language,” Mr. Fitzsimmons said.

Mr. Fitzsimmons quoted an admissions interviewer as saying that what was most striking about Mr. Diep was “his fun, casual nature, but impressive, understated maturity.”
Postive Score59.798994974874375
Negative Score40.20100502512563


Welcome to the weekend. It’s finally fallish (at least in New York). With the chill comes one more cup of coffee, one more layer of clothing and maybe a bit more time to read some great journalism.
Postive Score59.70149253731343
Negative Score40.298507462686565


Sometimes it seems as if we’re living under a constant barrage of heavy news. But it isn’t all bad out there. This feature is meant to send you into the weekend with a smile, or at least a lighter heart. Want to get The Week in Good News by email? Sign up here.

Here are seven great things we wrote about this week:

I remember being 18. For me, a socially awkward bookworm, it was a time that mingled uncertainty and big half-formed dreams for the future.

We wanted to look at what it meant to be 18 around the world. So we selected young female photographers in nearly two dozen countries and asked them to document their experiences.

Read about Victory Chukwu, from Nigeria, who dreams of visiting Paris. And Madison Breanne Justice, from Mississippi, who aims to finish her G.E.D. and go to college. And Millie Landewee, from Australia, who is part of an all-girls skate crew.
Postive Score59.512195121951216
Negative Score40.487804878048784


1 of 11

After two weeks of shifting stories, Saudi Arabia said Saturday that its agents strangled Jamal Khashoggi, a dissident journalist, during a fistfight and that 18 men had been arrested in the case.

Mr. Khashoggi was last seen entering the Saudi Consulate in which country?
Postive Score59.22330097087378
Negative Score40.77669902912621


The question now is not whether the Saudis’ latest explanation for Jamal Khashoggi’s death is credible, but whom do they think they’re fooling. In the autocratic world of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, what common people think is irrelevant; what matters is whether throwing his hit men under the bus is enough to satisfy President Trump.

Mr. Trump has been longing for some way to hang on to his soul mate Prince Mohammed and lucrative Saudi arms deals from day one, and he seemed to breathe a sigh of relief over the story the Saudis concocted after more than two weeks of lies and evasions. It was a “good first step” and a “big step,” Mr. Trump said Friday night. Asked whether he found it credible, he replied, “I do.”

He is in a distinct minority. The Saudi story has been widely dismissed as a pathetic attempt to acknowledge what has become undeniable — that a band of 15 Saudi agents flew in to Istanbul on the day Mr. Khashoggi was expected at the Saudi consulate and killed him there. It also insulates Prince Mohammed, the wielder of real power in Saudi Arabia, from any responsibility.

In this narrative, there went out a general order to round up dissidents living abroad, but somehow it got garbled in transmission, so when the Saudis learned of Mr. Khashoggi’s plans, the deputy director of intelligence, Maj. Gen. Ahmed al-Assiri, dispatched a team to pick him up. According to this version of the tale, Mr. Khashoggi put up a fight and got killed, and a local collaborator was given the body to dispose of, perhaps in pieces and in suitcases.
Postive Score57.798165137614674
Negative Score42.201834862385326


The handful of companies that design and make nearly all of America’s voting machines insist that their equipment is cordoned off from bad actors on the internet, but in fact there are multiple ways in for anyone who is motivated, persistent and willing to commit a federal crime.

These manufacturers could choose to share information in order to help researchers and experts identify security weaknesses, but instead they have zealously guarded it as proprietary, even when the outcome of a presidential election has been at stake — as John Kerry found out when his 2004 presidential campaign attempted to look into voting irregularities in Ohio.

Our reliance on these newer voting technologies is largely the result of the failures of older ones. In the weeks after the 2000 presidential election, the entire country sat on edge as Florida poll workers painstakingly examined butterfly ballots and hanging chads. Following that disaster, Congress passed the Help America Vote Act , which established a federal agency, the Election Assistance Commission, to serve as a resource and clearinghouse for state election officials. But the commission, which has been a political football since its creation, is perennially understaffed and underfunded. Most of the nearly $4 billion that it initially got from Congress was spent on new electronic machines that were designed without anticipation of the sort of coordinated cyberattacks America now faces. And these machines are now approaching the end of their useful life.

Now for some good news. Elections officials have become acutely aware of these risks to America’s electoral security, especially after the wake-up call they got in 2016. In a rare example of bipartisanship, Republicans and Democrats are communicating with one another and with their counterparts around the country, sharing information and shoring up defenses where needed.

Most encouraging, the key fixes are relatively simple, and everyone agrees on what they are.

One, provide a paper trail for every vote. Hackers work most effectively in the dark, so they love voting machines that produce no paper verification. Currently, five states — Delaware, Georgia, Louisiana, New Jersey and South Carolina — run their elections entirely on paperless touch-screen machines. But all five states are considering a switch back to paper ballots in time for 2020. In this year’s midterms, 19 states and Washington, D.C., will use only paper ballots.

Two, audit the vote. The best way to do this is known as a risk-limiting audit, which means comparing the digital tally to a manual count of a randomized sample of paper ballots. This type of audit can identify voting tabulation errors resulting from either malicious attacks or software failures.

Three, give states more resources. After dragging its feet for years, Congress in March approved $380 million in grants to states for election security. A little more than a third of the money will be spent on enhancing cybersecurity. A little more than a quarter will go toward buying new voting equipment. The rest will be spent on improving voter-registration systems, running vote audits and communicating better with voters around election time.
Postive Score57.446808510638306
Negative Score42.5531914893617


2. The NATO countries should, in coordination, expel all Saudi ambassadors.

3. NATO countries should suspend all weapons sales, including of spare parts for aircraft, to Saudi Arabia. This would put substantial pressure on Saudi Arabia, which depends on the United States for its security.

4. The Trump administration should in the meantime call for the release of political prisoners in Saudi Arabia such as Raif Badawi, a blogger sentenced to 1,000 lashes, and Loujain al-Hathloul, a women’s rights activist. Jamal’s relatives should also be allowed to leave Saudi Arabia.

5. The United States should quietly make clear to the Saudi royal family that the Mad Prince has gone too far — not just with this murder, but also with his war in Yemen, his confrontation with Qatar, his kidnapping of Lebanon’s prime minister — and will forever be tainted. A murderer belongs not at state dinners but in a prison cell. The obvious precedent: In 1964, the Saudi royal family forced King Saud to abdicate and replaced him with the far preferable King Faisal.

I also hope that some country will pursue universal jurisdiction for this murder and be ready to prosecute any killers who can be taken into custody. And Turkey should note that under the 1963 Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, consular officers can be arrested “in the case of a grave crime”; Turkey should consider prosecution.

We could also use some investigation here in the United States. As I’ve previously noted, the Saudis poured money into Trump’s hotel properties after his election. Was this an attempt to buy good will, and did it affect policy? And should the American intelligence community have warned Jamal of the dangers he faced from the Saudis?

In the coming days and weeks, we also face special risks. We should be particularly alert to the risk that M.B.S. will try to divert attention by provoking some incident with Iran in the Persian Gulf, and then trying to get the American military to bail Saudi Arabia out. The White House should make it very clear that we will not let the Saudis drag us into a war with Iran.
Postive Score56.39999999999999
Negative Score43.6


We know that the president has a tendency toward incoherence. But it really is useful to listen to one of his rally speeches to be reminded of how very, very deep that goes.

For instance, in Ohio he was paying tribute to famous native sons — William McKinley, Ulysses Grant, the Wright brothers and astronaut Neil Armstrong. That reminded him of the new Ryan Gosling movie about Armstrong. Trump hates the fact that it doesn’t show the American flag being planted on the moon. Here’s what he said about it:

“He’s the man that planted the flag — think of that — on the face of the moon. Who’s that? Who are they a relative of — oh, that’s nice. They weren’t worried about not planting a flag, right? You know them. He planted that flag, that American flag right on the face of the moon. There was no kneeling. There was no nothing. There was no games. There was no games. Boom. Wrong. Right? Right, fellas?”

Well, that last part is sort of useful. Every morning for the next two years I want you to stop at some point during the day and say: “Boom. Wrong. Right? Right, fellas?” It might be very calming.

Trump always brags about the size of the crowds. He claimed there was an overflow of 44,000 people outside a rally in Missouri, which, a local newspaper noted, would have meant a quarter of the city’s population had gone to the event. In Ohio, he said that if the rally had been for “one of the normal presidents,” the audience would be about “300 people.”

Back when we were normal, Barack Obama got crowds of up to 100,000 and people would get so excited they’d faint. At which point Obama would mildly suggest that someone bring over “a little water and some juice.” Sigh.
Postive Score56.640625
Negative Score43.359375


He said he was paid $2,000 a month by the basketball coach at La Lumiere School in Indiana, a well-regarded private school (it’s the alma mater of John Roberts Jr., the chief justice of the Supreme Court) where Tugs transferred after his sophomore year at a public school in Saginaw. He said that in all these instances, including what he called the “money scheme” at Louisville, his son was unaware of the cash he was taking.

“So you’ve been pimping out your namesake since he was 14 years old?” Dawkins’s lawyer, Steve Haney, asked on cross-examination. Bowen did not disagree. He quibbled only about the timing, saying he had not started taking money until Tugs was 15 or 16.

Brian Bowen Jr. was not the top-rated player in the class of 2017; he was no better than the 15th. No one involved in college basketball believes the circumstances of his recruitment are singular, and the government’s case strongly suggests that top players or their families are routinely paid from the moment they are identified as potential college stars. Testimony at the trial indicated that the families of players recruited to at least two other major college basketball programs, at the University of Kansas and North Carolina State, took money directed to them by Adidas representatives.

A federal crime must have a victim. In this case, the victims, according to the government’s case, are the universities — including Louisville, the highest-grossing team in college basketball, which plays in an N.B.A.-style arena and has generated about $45 million in annual revenue over the past several years. The prosecution contends that the defendants harmed the universities by saddling them with ineligible players, which could have caused them to have to forfeit games as well as revenue from the lucrative postseason tournament.

Part of the defense case is that the three defendants could not possibly have caused harm to the universities by making recruits ineligible, because the whole grassroots scene is so polluted that the young men, under N.C.A.A. rules, had been paid and professionalized from middle school on up. “Brian Bowen was ineligible seven times before he ever got to Louisville,” Dawkins’s lawyer told the jury in his closing, referring to payments that Bowen Sr. had taken while his son was a player on the youth circuit.

Only $19,500 of the $100,000 promised for Bowen’s commitment to Louisville ever made its way to his family — which is one-quarter of 1 percent of the $7.8 million annual salary that Louisville’s coach at the time, Rick Pitino, was making. (He was fired a year ago after news of the case broke.) College football and basketball generate billions of dollars in annual revenue to the N.C.A.A. and its member schools.

The players are ostensibly amateurs, “student-athletes” in the lexicon of the N.C.A.A. Whether they should be paid is a subject of healthy public debate, but the judge in this case, Lewis A. Kaplan, made prospective jurors pledge allegiance to this amateur model — to agree, as he put it, that college athletes should “get their scholarships, and nothing more.”
Postive Score56.666666666666664
Negative Score43.333333333333336


Every year I give a lecture on the history of retail in which Sears, central to American shopping for a century, plays a starring role. On Monday, when Sears filed for bankruptcy protection, I got a little wistful — not because I was particularly attached to the company, but because of the largely unsung role of its iconic catalog in helping African-Americans evade the injustices and humiliations of the Jim Crow era.

Historians typically date the Jim Crow era to the Mississippi Plan of 1890, which amended Mississippi’s Constitution to allow the disenfranchisement of African-Americans. But the true onset of this era came earlier, and it started with shopping. In 1883, the Supreme Court voided the Civil Rights Act of 1875, which had banned discrimination in public businesses like theaters, restaurants, trains and shops. The loss of political rights, then, followed the loss of consumer rights. Jim Crow was active white resistance to black people’s freedom both at the ballot box and at the local shop.

Every time black Southerners went to a local store, they were forced to wait as white customers were served first. Serving white customers before black ones might seem a relatively small insult, but behind that racial ordering was an omnipresent threat of violence. Products in these stores reminded black shoppers that whites did not consider them deserving of human dignity: Grotesque caricatures of black faces were used as a “humorous” way to sell toothpaste, soap and nearly anything else; far more harrowing, with the rise of public “spectacle” lynching in the 1890s, black people could find the charred remains of lynching victims for sale alongside postcards commemorating the event.

Waiting for service was not mere discrimination. It was part of a larger world of white violence.

Then there was the matter of buying items on credit. Farmers, white and black, depended on credit to survive until the harvest. Credit came through small general stores, where the (white) shopkeeper would decide what you were allowed to buy. Black sharecroppers would often be in perpetual debt to a store, which was often owned by their landlord and employer. The credit price for goods, higher than the cash price, always managed to leave sharecroppers a little in the red even after they were paid for their crops. This debt system bound black farmers to the land in an almost feudal fashion. Adding insult to injury, black people were often even not allowed to purchase the same quality clothes as white people.
Postive Score55.28169014084507
Negative Score44.71830985915493


Yet all of us should have learned by now that there is a big difference between the unlikely and the impossible. Political polls are like weather forecasts or medical diagnoses. They are a much better guide to the future than random guesses, but they inevitably involve uncertainty. “84 percent” is not just a careful way of saying “100 percent.” The Republican Party of Donald Trump really could win the midterms.

That’s why I spent a good portion of this past week doing reporting about what two more years of unified Republican rule might look like. The following preview is based on those conversations.

The Russia investigation

Members of Congress don’t usually turn against a scandal-marred president from their own party until they believe that supporting him jeopardizes their own careers. That fear helped lead Republicans to abandon Richard Nixon, at long last, in 1974. A lack of fear helps explain why Democrats stuck by Bill Clinton through his sex scandal.

For today’s congressional Republicans, the election will be a measure of how worried they need to be about Trump and Russia. As Susan Hennessey of the Brookings Institution says, the midterms “are the last best hope for Republicans in Congress to grow a backbone.” A Democratic takeover may make congressional Republicans less willing to make excuses for Trump. A Republican victory would suggest that the party does not need to be very scared about the politics of Russia.

Yes, Mueller — the special counsel overseeing the investigation — could change that by issuing an explosive report after the election. But a midterm victory could also give Trump the confidence to shut down the investigation, through firing some combination of Mueller, Rod Rosenstein (who oversees Mueller) and Jeff Sessions, the attorney general. In their place, he could install loyalists unconcerned with the quaint notion that no one is above the law. An expanded Senate majority could ease the confirmation of those loyalists.

Even if Mueller’s findings eventually became public, an unfinished report is different from a completed investigation that could include indictments of people close to Trump. It’s easy to imagine Trump waving it away as a “witch hunt.” Congressional Republicans may go even further and hold hearings investigating the investigators — the current and former law-enforcement officials whom Trump has unjustly blamed for the investigation.

Altogether, an election victory would probably give Trump the confidence to do what he has already signaled he wants to do: use the law as an instrument of political power rather than one of justice.
Postive Score55.59105431309904
Negative Score44.40894568690096


What distinguishes the Harvard suit from past legal challenges to affirmative action is that it shows that the people the policy harms aren’t privileged and unsympathetic white kids. The injured are other minorities.

Nor is this a matter of second-tier white students duking it out for the last available slots against standout minorities. The Asian-Americans rejected by Harvard are outstanding candidates being penalized by hoary stereotypes about having ferocious work ethics but not much else. Internal Harvard documents refer to them as “busy and bright” and “standard strong” — reminiscent of the way a previous generation of Jewish students were dismissed as “average geniuses” who were not “clubbable.”

No wonder Harvard fought tooth-and-nail to keep those documents secret. The goal of achieving a desired racial composition on campus depends on Wizard of Oz-like schemes of dissembling and doublethink. The core problem with every noble lie is that it can only be concealed by an additional lie, then another. Whatever else it is, it’s the opposite of Veritas.

Still, I can’t help but think that critics of the plaintiffs are right in at least one respect: Those “busy and bright” kids who aren’t going to Harvard will be fine. Most will still get into great schools and have good careers. They might rage against an institution that turned them away unfairly. Yet deep down they’ll have the satisfaction of knowing their own worth.

Will that be equally true of those who, thanks to affirmative action, did get in? I wonder. Perhaps the deepest damage affirmative action does is to those it embraces, not those it rejects. It isn’t a pleasant thing to live with the sense that your achievements aren’t quite real— and that everyone secretly knows it. It’s corrosive to live in the clutch of someone else’s lie.

“The way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discriminating on the basis of race,” John Roberts once wrote. Should this case reach the Supreme Court, let’s hope he still means it.
Postive Score55.917159763313606
Negative Score44.08284023668639


“We all know that feeling,” says Charlie Warzel, a reporter at BuzzFeed who’s written about everything from viral misinformation on Twitter to exploitative child content on YouTube. “You flag a flagrant violation of terms of service and send out a request for comment. And you’re just sitting there refreshing, and then you see it come down — and afterward you get this boilerplate reply via email.” Mr. Warzel says his inbox is full of messages from people begging him to intercede with the platforms on their behalf — sometimes because they have been censored unfairly, sometimes because they want to point to disturbing content they believe should be taken offline.

Journalists are not in the business of resolving disputes for Facebook and Twitter. But disgruntled users might feel that they have a better chance of being listened to by a reporter than by someone who is actually paid to resolve user complaints.

Of course, it would be far worse if a company refused to patch a problem that journalists have uncovered. But at the same time, muckraking isn’t meant to fix the system one isolated instance at a time. Imagine if Nellie Bly had to infiltrate the same asylum over and over again, with each investigation prompting a single incremental change, like the removal of one abusive nurse.

The work of journalists is taken for granted, both implicitly and explicitly. In August, the Twitter CEO, Jack Dorsey, took to his own platform to defend his company’s decision to keep Alex Jones online. “Accounts like Jones’ can often sensationalize issues and spread unsubstantiated rumors, so it’s critical journalists document, validate, and refute such information directly so people can form their own opinions,” he said. “This is what serves the public conversation best.” But journalists and outside researchers do not have access to the wealth of data available internally to companies like Twitter and Facebook.

The companies have all the tools at their disposal and a profound responsibility to find exactly what journalists find — and yet, clearly, they don’t. The role that outsiders currently play, as consumer advocates and content screeners, can easily be filled in-house. And unlike journalists, companies have the power to change the very incentives that keep producing these troubling online phenomena.

The reliance on journalists’ time is particularly paradoxical given the damage that the tech companies are doing to the media industry. Small changes to how Facebook organizes its News Feed can radically change a news organization’s bottom line — layoffs and hiring sprees are spurred on by the whims of the algorithm. Even as the companies draw on journalistic resources to make their products better, the hegemony of Google and Facebook over digital advertising — estimated by some to be a combined 85 percent of the market — is strangling journalism.

But throwing light on the coordinated misinformation campaigns flaring up all around us is a matter that is much bigger than the death of print — it’s essential to democracy. It can change the course of elections and genocides. Social media platforms are doing society no favors by relying on journalists to leach the poison from their sites. Because none of this is sustainable — and we definitely don’t want to find out what happens when the merry-go-round stops working.
Postive Score53.80434782608695
Negative Score46.19565217391305


The end of Western convergence, then, isn’t an indicator of some kind of failure. Meanwhile, the coming of rapid convergence by emerging markets is a huge success story.

When I was in grad school in the 1970s, I thought I should do development economics — because it was clearly the most important subject — but didn’t, because it was too depressing. At that point it was mostly non-development economics, the study of why Third World countries seemed to fall ever further behind the West. True, we were already seeing a growth takeoff in smaller East Asian economies, but few saw this as a trend that would spread to China and India.

Then something happened; we still don’t know exactly what. It’s a good guess that it has something to do with hyperglobalization, the unprecedented surge in world trade made possible by breaking up value chains and moving pieces of production to lower-wage countries. But we don’t really know even that.

One thing is clear: at any given time, not all countries have that mysterious “it” that lets them make effective use of the backlog of advanced technology developed since the Industrial Revolution. Over time, however, the set of countries that have It seems to be widening.

Once a country acquires It, growth can be rapid, precisely because best practice is so far ahead of where the country starts. And because the frontier keeps moving out, countries that get It keep growing faster. Japan’s postwar growth was vastly faster than that of the countries catching up to Britain in the late 19th century; Korea’s growth from the mid-60s even faster than Japan’s had been; China’s growth faster still.

The It theory also, I’d argue, explains the U-shaped relationship Subramanian et al find between GDP per capita and growth, in which middle-income countries grow faster than either poor or rich countries. Countries that are still very poor are countries that haven’t got It; countries that are already rich are already at the technological frontier, limiting the space for rapid growth. In between are countries that acquired It not too long ago, which has vaulted them into middle-income status, but are able to grow very fast by moving toward the frontier.
Postive Score55.12820512820513
Negative Score44.871794871794876


Stuffing the Bravo Sausage Into Its Platinum Casing

Every season of “The Real Housewives” is shaved down from hundreds of hours of footage into anywhere from 13 to 25 hourlong episodes. Much of the series is stakes-setting — establishing the precarious perfection of the housewives’ lives — so each cast member need be truly interesting (i.e. lose her temper, faculties or inhibitions) just once or twice in a period of several months to ensure an entertaining season. Incessant quick cuts — from a woman, criticizing; to a woman on the other side of the room, being criticized; to a third woman summarizing those criticisms directly into the camera; to a close-up of decimated party hors d’oeuvres — are one reason reality shows feel jumpier and more chaotic than multicamera sitcoms like “The Big Bang Theory.” Wall-to-wall music corrals the visually disconnected footage into a cohesive narrative in a manner unique to Bravo: In contrast to other TV shows — even other reality TV shows — nearly 100 percent of its screen time is underlaid with music.

For scenes of discord, Mr. Howard said, “It’s all minor key. Usually D and C minor are like, drama.” Bombshell revelations are followed by a second of abrupt silence that leaves the words that precede it ringing in the air .

Lighter footage — what Mr. Baiardi calls “tasking” scenes — is scored with less bass, sparser, high-pitched instrumentation, and physically smaller drums. This music often accompanies scenes of soothing upper-class chores: a woman wiping a clean cloth over a countertop the size of a sparkling glacier; a woman instructing her maid on how to pack her designer luggage; a woman in a maelstrom of dinner party preparations discovering her mother’s urn tucked beside the silver condiment bowls.

The Signature Tracks guys showed off their process from Mr. Howard’s home studio, which is crammed with equipment but neat, like NASA’s Mission Control Center if just one person worked there and had a taste for purple. The room is blessed by a small plaque recognizing Mr. Howard’s work on Jay-Z’s album “Vol. 3 … Life and Times of S. Carter.”

A tense instrumental boomed from his speakers, but Mr. Howard decreased the volume until it was almost inaudible. “Now you can hear them talking,” he said. It was true; the music sounded more familiar — more Bravo-like — at a muted level. Every few seconds, three quick string notes in a minor key abruptly cut in — VHHVHHVHH — and fell silent. “There are these little string fills that give it that tension,” he said.

“They’re dropping in and out, which is creating room for dialogue,” Mr. Lasman added. “The dropouts are a really big part of actually telling the story.” They provide opportunities for close-up reaction shots. They suspend time to amplify uncomfortable moments.
Postive Score54.98783454987834
Negative Score45.01216545012166


For most readers and writers — and book lovers in general — the library holds a special place of honor and respect. We asked several authors to tell us about their local public library or to share a memory of a library from their past.

[ Read Michael Lewis’s review of “The Library Book,” by Susan Orlean. ]

My Temple

The first library I knew was an upstairs room over a storefront in my little Kentucky town, with a librarian who didn’t approve of children handling books. (I begged; she relented.) The second was a van kitted out with bookshelves and sent out on the rounds of our rural county, a godsend to children and many adults who had no easy way of getting to town. The Bookmobile was the whole world parked on my gravel road. It came once a month, and we were allowed only three books at a time, but the Bookmobile lady had a heart. She let me check out as many as I could carry.

Everywhere I’ve gone since, I’ve found libraries. Those of us launched from bare-bones schools in uncelebrated places will always find particular grace in a library, where the temple doors are thrown wide to all believers, regardless of pedigree. Nowadays I have the normal professional reliance on internet research, but my heart still belongs to the church of the original source. Every book I’ve written has some magic in it I found in physical stacks or archives.

Or the facade, in the case of my first novel. The library I frequented in Tucson was draped in wisteria with long, dangling pods: the bean trees. For my latest, it was a cache of letters Charles Darwin wrote to a lady scientist in Vineland, N.J. Once it was a very old Kikongo-English dictionary I found in the University of Arizona library’s special collections. It wasn’t supposed to leave the room, but I am persuasive. I said, “Something good could happen if you let me borrow this book.” I took it home; a novel called “The Poisonwood Bible” happened.
Postive Score55.74162679425837
Negative Score44.25837320574163


After rewatching his movie, “I felt like it was compromised,” he said. “Why didn’t I just go with my instinct from the beginning and not worry about it? I didn’t give them the second F-word because I didn’t think I would get it, and I never got it before. But something in my heart was telling me it wasn’t authentic to what we were trying to say.”

And so, with the release date fast approaching, Tillman persuaded Fox to do something nearly unprecedented: resubmit “The Hate U Give” to the M.P.A.A. with an unbowdlerized version of Starr’s big moment. Tillman would write the ratings board a letter pleading for the added expletive, which he argued was essential to the film and his lead character’s journey.

Surprisingly, the M.P.A.A. granted his request: “The Hate U Give” would be the rare PG-13 film to contain two instances of the board’s most penalized curse word.

“Sometimes the M.P.A.A. gets a tough rap about ratings, but here’s a chance where it really worked to our benefit,” Tillman said. “They knew that the language was not just used as language, it was used to educate and inform.”

Ultimately, Starr learns over the course of the movie to put a premium on keeping it real, and the language in “The Hate U Give” had to follow suit. In other words, if the film wanted to walk the walk when it came to teenage verisimilitude, it also had to talk the talk.

“I felt like it wouldn’t be truth without it,” Tillman said.
Postive Score56.20608899297424
Negative Score43.79391100702576


A New Climate Tipping Point A landmark United Nations report says that we’re likely to witness some of the most devastating effects of global warming within our lifetimes. We talk to one man with a solution.

Hosted by Michael Barbaro, produced by Alexandra Leigh Young, Michael Simon Johnson and Clare Toeniskoetter, and edited by Lisa Tobin
Postive Score56.074766355140184
Negative Score43.925233644859816


Hi and welcome to Five Weeknight Dishes, with recipe ideas for busy people like you. Can I also put in a plug for chicken soup made from scratch? (Don’t worry, this newsletter isn’t sponsored by Big Soup.) On Sunday, I used my electric pressure cooker to make spicy chicken stock, with this Bon Appétit recipe providing inspiration. We’ve had it for dinner off and on all week, adding shredded chicken, rice noodles, jalapeño, sliced squash and a drizzle of Sichuan chile oil. So good.

O.K., one more plug: I’m doing a talk on Tuesday evening at the Museum of Food and Drink in New York with the amazing Kate McDermott! Kate is a master pie baker who teaches all over the country, so we’ll be talking about that, but also about her hippie youth on the West Coast of the ’60s and ’70s, and the ways in which the food thinking of that era have become vital again. I’d love to meet you, so if you’re there, please say hello. Or I’m at dearemily@nytimes.com if you just want to send me a note sometime.

Here are five dishes for the week:
Postive Score56.451612903225815
Negative Score43.54838709677419


Each morning, Jamal Khashoggi would check his phone to discover what fresh hell had been unleashed while he was sleeping.

He would see the work of an army of Twitter trolls, ordered to attack him and other influential Saudis who had criticized the kingdom’s leaders. He sometimes took the attacks personally, so friends made a point of calling frequently to check on his mental state.

“The mornings were the worst for him because he would wake up to the equivalent of sustained gunfire online,” said Maggie Mitchell Salem, a friend of Mr. Khashoggi’s for more than 15 years.

Mr. Khashoggi’s online attackers were part of a broad effort dictated by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and his close advisers to silence critics both inside Saudi Arabia and abroad. Hundreds of people work at a so-called troll farm in Riyadh to smother the voices of dissidents like Mr. Khashoggi. The vigorous push also appears to include the grooming — not previously reported — of a Saudi employee at Twitter whom Western intelligence officials suspected of spying on user accounts to help the Saudi leadership.
Postive Score56.02678571428571
Negative Score43.973214285714285


Saudi Arabia’s explanation of why its agents had strangled the dissident journalist Jamal Khashoggi in the kingdom’s consulate in Istanbul was met with a flood of international skepticism on Saturday, even as President Trump said this new account that he was killed after a fistfight sounded credible.

A Saudi official offered the kingdom’s first explanation for the involvement of a doctor of forensic medicine specializing in autopsies — a critical detail adding to international doubts about the kingdom’s story. The doctor was dispatched to help clean up fingerprints or other evidence if necessary, the official said, not to help dismember Mr. Khashoggi’s body in order to dispose of it after a premeditated assassination, as Turkish officials have charged.

The Saudis appeared to have bet heavily that they can persuade the world that Mr. Khashoggi, a bespectacled 60-year-old writer, was strangled only after he had engaged in a fistfight with a team of Saudi agents at the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul.

In their latest version of events, they insisted that the agents had flown to Istanbul to carry out a mission without any specific authorization or even the knowledge of the crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman, 33, the kingdom’s de facto ruler.
Postive Score55.38461538461539
Negative Score44.61538461538462


The Saudis initially claimed that Mr. Khashoggi had left the consulate alive and professed to be worried about his fate, later hinting that the killing might have been the act of rogue agents.

But international outrage mounted as Turkish officials leaked lurid details from their own investigation suggesting that he was murdered inside the consulate and dismembered by a team of Saudi agents who flew in specifically to kill him.

The case has battered the international reputation of the kingdom and the 33-year-old Prince Mohammed, who has sought to sell himself to the world as a young reformer shaking off his country’s conservative past. But suspicions that such a complicated foreign operation could not have been launched without at least his tacit approval have driven away many of his staunchest foreign supporters.

For the first time on Saturday, a Saudi official familiar with the government’s handling of the situation put forward the kingdom’s narrative of the events that led to Mr. Khashoggi’s death.

The kingdom had a general order to return dissidents living abroad, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation was continuing. When the consulate in Istanbul reported that Mr. Khashoggi would be coming on Oct. 2 to pick up a document needed for his coming marriage, General Assiri dispatched a 15-man team to confront him.

The team included Maher Abdulaziz Mutrib, a security officer identified by The New York Times this week as a frequent member of the crown prince’s security detail during foreign trips, the official said. Mr. Mutrib had been chosen because he had worked with Mr. Khashoggi a decade ago in the Saudi Embassy in London and knew him personally.

But the order to return Mr. Khashoggi to the kingdom was misinterpreted as it made its way down the chain of command, the Saudi official said, and a confrontation ensued when Mr. Khashoggi saw the men. He tried to flee, the men stopped him, punches were thrown, Mr. Khashoggi screamed and one of the men put him in a chokehold, strangling him to death, the official said.
Postive Score54.23728813559322
Negative Score45.76271186440678


Republicans are also focusing on winning battlegrounds like Wisconsin, Florida and Ohio, where their nominees for governor are running more evenly against Democrats. But even in Wisconsin, where Gov. Scott Walker, the G.O.P. incumbent, is battling for a third term, President Trump is coming Wednesday to try to shore up the party’s ticket, including its struggling Senate candidate, Leah Vukmir.

“Governor’s races lead the off-year ticket so they work like a big snowplow, clearing the way for the party offices below them,” said Mike Murphy, a Republican strategist. “If you have a weak snowplow, a lot less gets through behind you”

As the G.O.P. struggles particularly in the Midwest, which President Trump sees as perhaps the most crucial part of his base, Michigan offers a vivid illustration of a crucial political dynamic: While control of Congress and the midterm implications for Mr. Trump consume attention, it is the coattails of Democrats at the top of state tickets that could dramatically reshape American politics after 2018.

In Michigan, which the president narrowly carried in 2016, the Democratic nominee for governor, Gretchen Whitmer, has become one of the year’s breakout sensations after cruising in an easier-than-expected primary and establishing a commanding general election lead. On Friday night, she campaigned in this college town with Senator Bernie Sanders to rally young voters — not because she needed help, but because Michigan Democrats now think they could flip as many as four House seats in the state and win other races to loosen the Republicans’ grip on power here.

Polling by The New York Times Upshot and Siena College found that the Democratic nominee had a lead in one of those House races, while another was effectively tied.
Postive Score55.03080082135524
Negative Score44.969199178644764


In reality, Ms Abrams could not expand Medicaid “on Day 1,” as she likes to say — and likely not even during her first year in office. The state legislature, which has to agree to it, will almost certainly remain under Republican control. And the leadership will likely remain resistant even though a number of rank-and-file members, especially in rural areas whose hospitals are in jeopardy, could start voicing more support.

But Ms. Abrams, who until last year served as minority leader of the Georgia House of Representatives, insists the legislature will have no choice but to accept Medicaid expansion before long.

“Most of the hospital closures are in Republican districts and they know there has to be a solution,” she said in an interview. “I think there are real political consequences, as well as the moral and physical consequences that have been in place for so long. They can read polls as well as I can.”

Since 2014, the Affordable Care Act has allowed states to provide Medicaid coverage to adults with incomes up to 138 percent of the poverty level, or $16,642 for a single person. Currently, adults who aren’t elderly or disabled cannot qualify for Medicaid in Georgia unless they have small children and minute incomes — $7,480 a year for a family of three, for example. The state has more uninsured people — nearly 500,000, according to one estimate — who would become eligible for Medicaid under expansion than any but Texas and Florida.

Mr. Kemp, Georgia’s secretary of state, has echoed the outgoing governor, Nathan Deal, also a Republican, in dismissing Medicaid expansion as too expensive.

Ms Abrams puts the eventual cost to Georgia at nearly $300 million a year, though offset by savings in charity care and other areas; Republicans say it could be above $450 million. For some rural voters, Mr. Kemp’s message resonates more.
Postive Score55.15151515151515
Negative Score44.84848484848485


“I promise no voter in New York is saying, ‘I wish more campaign ads were on the air,’” said Glen Caplin, an adviser to Ms. Gillibrand, adding that the campaign was continuously evaluating the state of the race. Her campaign has taped a television ad in case it is needed.

“We’re trying to do it a little differently,” Ms. Gillibrand explained. “What that looks like is I’ve done 16 town halls; I’ve been to all 62 counties; I’m trying to really create a grass-roots-oriented campaign and a modern campaign.”

Some of Ms. Gillibrand’s limited spending has been geared to an audience far beyond New York.

In recent weeks, she has bought Facebook ads nationally to raise money for Democratic senators and Senate candidates, including Kyrsten Sinema in Arizona, Claire McCaskill in Missouri and Jacky Rosen in Nevada. (Donations are split between Ms. Gillibrand’s campaign and the candidates, while her campaign harvests valuable new donor contacts.)

She is running other ad programs to expand her database of supporters: In late September, a series of Facebook ads, which also ran nationally, featured a one-question survey: “Do you approve of President Trump?” Pathmatics said she spent $183,000 on one such ad.

A study by academics of Facebook ad data compiled by Pathmatics showed that Ms. Gillibrand spent $1.5 million on Facebook ads through August, but only 9 percent of it in New York. In contrast, 82 percent of spending on Facebook ads by Senator Amy Klobuchar, a Minnesota Democrat who is also up for re-election, was within her state.

Senator Bernie Sanders, who is also on the ballot this year, spent only 1 percent for ads in his home state, Vermont, the study showed. The heavily favored Mr. Sanders has also spent little on his re-election, ending September with $8.8 million in his campaign account, though he is not expected to face the same financial pressures as other candidates if he runs again for president, because he already has an expansive donor base. His 2016 campaign was powered by more than $230 million in mostly small contributions.

Ms. Gillibrand, Ms. Warren and Mr. Sanders would all enjoy one other financial advantage if they run right after getting re-elected: Not only can they transfer everything left over from their Senate campaign to a presidential committee, they can also tap again every past donor, even those who have given the legal maximum of $5,400 in the 2018 cycle, because it would be a new campaign.
Postive Score55.818540433925044
Negative Score44.18145956607495


Democratic candidates have also used consumer-facing apps to promote their political campaigns and advocacy. But the main election apps currently used on the left — such as MiniVAN, built by NGP VAN, a leading technology provider to Democrats — are geared more narrowly for campaign volunteers engaging in door-to-door canvassing, an activity where they can woo and record details on individual voters. Many are not designed to create lasting social communities.

This year, Democratic campaigns are also embracing peer-to-peer text messaging, a technology that may engage younger voters more than stand-alone candidate apps do. Not to be outdone, uCampaign recently started its own peer-to-peer texting platform, RumbleUp, for conservative campaigns.

Mr. Peters, a Catholic blogger and former web developer, said he hadn’t set out to become the go-to app maker for conservatives. In 2012, he was working as a conservative activist in Washington and grew frustrated with the success of the Obama campaign’s digital outreach efforts.

The Obama campaign had a smartphone app that supporters could use to follow campaign news, volunteer, canvas voters and promote campaign messages on social media. Mitt Romney, the Republican challenger, had an app whose central feature was a photo filter allowing supporters to take selfies with the slogan “I’m with Mitt.” Mr. Peters was not impressed.

“It did not do the one thing I wanted it to do,” he said, which was to “help win the election for Mitt Romney by asking me to donate money to them, to post things to social media, to invite my friends and family to register to vote — to do all of the things, basically, that the Obama app did.”
Postive Score55.92233009708738
Negative Score44.07766990291262


Facebook and the Brazilian government have scrambled to counter the disinformation. Earlier this year, the country’s federal police agency established a task force to limit the influence of false news. Justice Luiz Fux, who oversaw the top electoral court in Brazil, argued that it might be sensible to curb free speech in order to protect the integrity of the election.

Experts, however, are skeptical that disinformation can be stemmed before the election.

“Even if there is an order to give someone a fine for spreading fake news, by the time you do that, it’s gone, the elections are over,” said Fernando Neisser, who coordinates the Brazilian Academy of Electoral and Political Law. “No one is ready to deal with the speed and the volume of this fake news problem.”

Facebook has set up a “War Room” on its Menlo Park, Calif., campus, a way for teams across all parts of the organization to quickly respond to attacks and disinformation campaigns in real time.

Samidh Chakrabarti, who leads Facebook’s elections and civic engagement team, said the new setup had been helpful. A number of attempts at voter suppression and hate speech targeted at specific geographic areas have been quashed in a matter of hours, he said.

WhatsApp is testing changes to the way its service operates. It has cut down the number of users messages that can be forwarded from 256 to 20. (In India, the limit is five.) And WhatsApp has introduced a print, television and radio advertising campaign in Brazil to reach an estimated 50 million people with tips on how to spot misinformation.

WhatsApp is also working with Comprova, a consortium of Brazilian media organizations, to fact-check thousands of tips about suspicious information and verify true stories. The group has received more than 100,000 messages to vet. “Fato ou Fake,” the news literacy project, has vetted more than 700 pieces of information.

“While the desire to spread and consume sometimes harmful sensational information predates the internet, it certainly makes it easier,” Chris Daniels, vice president of WhatsApp, told a newspaper editorial in Brazil on Wednesday. “Because information — both good and bad — can go viral on WhatsApp even with these limits in place, we have a responsibility to amplify the good and mitigate the harm.”
Postive Score55.18518518518518
Negative Score44.81481481481481


For months, technology companies in San Francisco have fought a local ballot proposition that would impose taxes on corporations to fund initiatives to help the homeless.

But last week, that unified front crumbled when Marc Benioff, chief executive of Salesforce, the online software company that is the city’s largest private employer, broke from the pack. “Homelessness is all of our responsibility,” he tweeted. Then the billionaire committed $2 million to passing the tax measure and criticized his fellow tech moguls for not caring.

Now San Francisco’s tech community is in an uproar over the initiative, which is known as Proposition C and will be on the ballot on Nov. 6. Venture capitalists and companies including the online payments start-up Stripe are lobbying and donating money to defeat the tax. And Jack Dorsey, chief executive of Twitter and Square, who opposes the measure, has publicly bickered with Mr. Benioff. On Friday, Mr. Dorsey tweeted, “We need to have long term solutions in place, not quick acts to make us feel good for one moment in time.”

The vitriol among tech executives over the proposition has become “awkward,” said Scott Wiener, a Democratic state senator who represents San Francisco and surrounding areas and who is against the tax. Still, he praised the companies for becoming more involved in local politics.
Postive Score54.94505494505495
Negative Score45.05494505494506


“I’ve definitely not revealed the secret of Coke,” said Mr. Lee, who represented Apple in a patent suit against Samsung — another trial that exposed closely guarded secrets. But, he acknowledged, “you’re learning a lot about the admissions process that never would have been public otherwise. We want you to know. Once you understand it, you can understand how decisions are made.”

Some, but not all, of the secrets have buttressed Harvard’s elite reputation.

It casts a wide net for students, aggressively recruiting those in “sparse country,” predominantly rural areas that yield few applications. It considers a dizzying array of factors, from SAT scores (the higher the better) to athletic ability (recruited athletes receive a big advantage) to interviews (be “effervescent,” “fun,” but “mature”) and more. A lack of deep pockets won’t hinder a hopeful and might even help one’s chances, testimony showed.

But there were other disclosures suggesting that admissions decisions are somewhat arbitrary.

There is the special list for those whom the admissions dean has taken an interest in, some of whom are the relatives of wealthy donors. There is the vague “personal” rating, which can lift or hurt an applicant’s chances based on an assessment of character traits and background, from “outstanding” to “bland or somewhat negative or immature” to “questionable personal qualities.” And the trial this week has raised questions about whether unconscious bias affects the process, either on the part of admissions officials or the teachers and counselors who write letters on applicants’ behalf.

More important than numerical ratings — Harvard uses a scale of 1 (top of the heap) to 6 (no chance) to measure the many aspects of a student’s profile — is “the description and the complexity of the description” provided by those assessing the applicant, Mr. Fitzsimmons said this week in testimony.

A rare look inside a student’s admissions file this week has shined a light on what that means. Harvard referred the court to Thang Q. Diep (Harvard Class of 2019), who had only middling test scores but was admitted to the college by showing a strong work ethic and “infectiously happy personality,” as his admissions file says. Mr. Diep, who was born in Vietnam, submitted part of his file in court to help Harvard fight charges of discrimination.

“Here’s a person who until the fourth grade was in another country and English was not his first language,” Mr. Fitzsimmons said.

Mr. Fitzsimmons quoted an admissions interviewer as saying that what was most striking about Mr. Diep was “his fun, casual nature, but impressive, understated maturity.”
Postive Score55.00000000000001
Negative Score45.0


Welcome to the weekend. It’s finally fallish (at least in New York). With the chill comes one more cup of coffee, one more layer of clothing and maybe a bit more time to read some great journalism.
Postive Score54.982206405693944
Negative Score45.01779359430605


Sometimes it seems as if we’re living under a constant barrage of heavy news. But it isn’t all bad out there. This feature is meant to send you into the weekend with a smile, or at least a lighter heart. Want to get The Week in Good News by email? Sign up here.

Here are seven great things we wrote about this week:

I remember being 18. For me, a socially awkward bookworm, it was a time that mingled uncertainty and big half-formed dreams for the future.

We wanted to look at what it meant to be 18 around the world. So we selected young female photographers in nearly two dozen countries and asked them to document their experiences.

Read about Victory Chukwu, from Nigeria, who dreams of visiting Paris. And Madison Breanne Justice, from Mississippi, who aims to finish her G.E.D. and go to college. And Millie Landewee, from Australia, who is part of an all-girls skate crew.
Postive Score54.946996466431095
Negative Score45.053003533568905


1 of 11

After two weeks of shifting stories, Saudi Arabia said Saturday that its agents strangled Jamal Khashoggi, a dissident journalist, during a fistfight and that 18 men had been arrested in the case.

Mr. Khashoggi was last seen entering the Saudi Consulate in which country?
Postive Score54.85008818342152
Negative Score45.14991181657848


The question now is not whether the Saudis’ latest explanation for Jamal Khashoggi’s death is credible, but whom do they think they’re fooling. In the autocratic world of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, what common people think is irrelevant; what matters is whether throwing his hit men under the bus is enough to satisfy President Trump.

Mr. Trump has been longing for some way to hang on to his soul mate Prince Mohammed and lucrative Saudi arms deals from day one, and he seemed to breathe a sigh of relief over the story the Saudis concocted after more than two weeks of lies and evasions. It was a “good first step” and a “big step,” Mr. Trump said Friday night. Asked whether he found it credible, he replied, “I do.”

He is in a distinct minority. The Saudi story has been widely dismissed as a pathetic attempt to acknowledge what has become undeniable — that a band of 15 Saudi agents flew in to Istanbul on the day Mr. Khashoggi was expected at the Saudi consulate and killed him there. It also insulates Prince Mohammed, the wielder of real power in Saudi Arabia, from any responsibility.

In this narrative, there went out a general order to round up dissidents living abroad, but somehow it got garbled in transmission, so when the Saudis learned of Mr. Khashoggi’s plans, the deputy director of intelligence, Maj. Gen. Ahmed al-Assiri, dispatched a team to pick him up. According to this version of the tale, Mr. Khashoggi put up a fight and got killed, and a local collaborator was given the body to dispose of, perhaps in pieces and in suitcases.
Postive Score54.40414507772021
Negative Score45.59585492227979


The handful of companies that design and make nearly all of America’s voting machines insist that their equipment is cordoned off from bad actors on the internet, but in fact there are multiple ways in for anyone who is motivated, persistent and willing to commit a federal crime.

These manufacturers could choose to share information in order to help researchers and experts identify security weaknesses, but instead they have zealously guarded it as proprietary, even when the outcome of a presidential election has been at stake — as John Kerry found out when his 2004 presidential campaign attempted to look into voting irregularities in Ohio.

Our reliance on these newer voting technologies is largely the result of the failures of older ones. In the weeks after the 2000 presidential election, the entire country sat on edge as Florida poll workers painstakingly examined butterfly ballots and hanging chads. Following that disaster, Congress passed the Help America Vote Act , which established a federal agency, the Election Assistance Commission, to serve as a resource and clearinghouse for state election officials. But the commission, which has been a political football since its creation, is perennially understaffed and underfunded. Most of the nearly $4 billion that it initially got from Congress was spent on new electronic machines that were designed without anticipation of the sort of coordinated cyberattacks America now faces. And these machines are now approaching the end of their useful life.

Now for some good news. Elections officials have become acutely aware of these risks to America’s electoral security, especially after the wake-up call they got in 2016. In a rare example of bipartisanship, Republicans and Democrats are communicating with one another and with their counterparts around the country, sharing information and shoring up defenses where needed.

Most encouraging, the key fixes are relatively simple, and everyone agrees on what they are.

One, provide a paper trail for every vote. Hackers work most effectively in the dark, so they love voting machines that produce no paper verification. Currently, five states — Delaware, Georgia, Louisiana, New Jersey and South Carolina — run their elections entirely on paperless touch-screen machines. But all five states are considering a switch back to paper ballots in time for 2020. In this year’s midterms, 19 states and Washington, D.C., will use only paper ballots.

Two, audit the vote. The best way to do this is known as a risk-limiting audit, which means comparing the digital tally to a manual count of a randomized sample of paper ballots. This type of audit can identify voting tabulation errors resulting from either malicious attacks or software failures.

Three, give states more resources. After dragging its feet for years, Congress in March approved $380 million in grants to states for election security. A little more than a third of the money will be spent on enhancing cybersecurity. A little more than a quarter will go toward buying new voting equipment. The rest will be spent on improving voter-registration systems, running vote audits and communicating better with voters around election time.
Postive Score54.36241610738255
Negative Score45.63758389261745


2. The NATO countries should, in coordination, expel all Saudi ambassadors.

3. NATO countries should suspend all weapons sales, including of spare parts for aircraft, to Saudi Arabia. This would put substantial pressure on Saudi Arabia, which depends on the United States for its security.

4. The Trump administration should in the meantime call for the release of political prisoners in Saudi Arabia such as Raif Badawi, a blogger sentenced to 1,000 lashes, and Loujain al-Hathloul, a women’s rights activist. Jamal’s relatives should also be allowed to leave Saudi Arabia.

5. The United States should quietly make clear to the Saudi royal family that the Mad Prince has gone too far — not just with this murder, but also with his war in Yemen, his confrontation with Qatar, his kidnapping of Lebanon’s prime minister — and will forever be tainted. A murderer belongs not at state dinners but in a prison cell. The obvious precedent: In 1964, the Saudi royal family forced King Saud to abdicate and replaced him with the far preferable King Faisal.

I also hope that some country will pursue universal jurisdiction for this murder and be ready to prosecute any killers who can be taken into custody. And Turkey should note that under the 1963 Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, consular officers can be arrested “in the case of a grave crime”; Turkey should consider prosecution.

We could also use some investigation here in the United States. As I’ve previously noted, the Saudis poured money into Trump’s hotel properties after his election. Was this an attempt to buy good will, and did it affect policy? And should the American intelligence community have warned Jamal of the dangers he faced from the Saudis?

In the coming days and weeks, we also face special risks. We should be particularly alert to the risk that M.B.S. will try to divert attention by provoking some incident with Iran in the Persian Gulf, and then trying to get the American military to bail Saudi Arabia out. The White House should make it very clear that we will not let the Saudis drag us into a war with Iran.
Postive Score54.00981996726678
Negative Score45.99018003273322


We know that the president has a tendency toward incoherence. But it really is useful to listen to one of his rally speeches to be reminded of how very, very deep that goes.

For instance, in Ohio he was paying tribute to famous native sons — William McKinley, Ulysses Grant, the Wright brothers and astronaut Neil Armstrong. That reminded him of the new Ryan Gosling movie about Armstrong. Trump hates the fact that it doesn’t show the American flag being planted on the moon. Here’s what he said about it:

“He’s the man that planted the flag — think of that — on the face of the moon. Who’s that? Who are they a relative of — oh, that’s nice. They weren’t worried about not planting a flag, right? You know them. He planted that flag, that American flag right on the face of the moon. There was no kneeling. There was no nothing. There was no games. There was no games. Boom. Wrong. Right? Right, fellas?”

Well, that last part is sort of useful. Every morning for the next two years I want you to stop at some point during the day and say: “Boom. Wrong. Right? Right, fellas?” It might be very calming.

Trump always brags about the size of the crowds. He claimed there was an overflow of 44,000 people outside a rally in Missouri, which, a local newspaper noted, would have meant a quarter of the city’s population had gone to the event. In Ohio, he said that if the rally had been for “one of the normal presidents,” the audience would be about “300 people.”

Back when we were normal, Barack Obama got crowds of up to 100,000 and people would get so excited they’d faint. At which point Obama would mildly suggest that someone bring over “a little water and some juice.” Sigh.
Postive Score54.13290113452188
Negative Score45.86709886547812


He said he was paid $2,000 a month by the basketball coach at La Lumiere School in Indiana, a well-regarded private school (it’s the alma mater of John Roberts Jr., the chief justice of the Supreme Court) where Tugs transferred after his sophomore year at a public school in Saginaw. He said that in all these instances, including what he called the “money scheme” at Louisville, his son was unaware of the cash he was taking.

“So you’ve been pimping out your namesake since he was 14 years old?” Dawkins’s lawyer, Steve Haney, asked on cross-examination. Bowen did not disagree. He quibbled only about the timing, saying he had not started taking money until Tugs was 15 or 16.

Brian Bowen Jr. was not the top-rated player in the class of 2017; he was no better than the 15th. No one involved in college basketball believes the circumstances of his recruitment are singular, and the government’s case strongly suggests that top players or their families are routinely paid from the moment they are identified as potential college stars. Testimony at the trial indicated that the families of players recruited to at least two other major college basketball programs, at the University of Kansas and North Carolina State, took money directed to them by Adidas representatives.

A federal crime must have a victim. In this case, the victims, according to the government’s case, are the universities — including Louisville, the highest-grossing team in college basketball, which plays in an N.B.A.-style arena and has generated about $45 million in annual revenue over the past several years. The prosecution contends that the defendants harmed the universities by saddling them with ineligible players, which could have caused them to have to forfeit games as well as revenue from the lucrative postseason tournament.

Part of the defense case is that the three defendants could not possibly have caused harm to the universities by making recruits ineligible, because the whole grassroots scene is so polluted that the young men, under N.C.A.A. rules, had been paid and professionalized from middle school on up. “Brian Bowen was ineligible seven times before he ever got to Louisville,” Dawkins’s lawyer told the jury in his closing, referring to payments that Bowen Sr. had taken while his son was a player on the youth circuit.

Only $19,500 of the $100,000 promised for Bowen’s commitment to Louisville ever made its way to his family — which is one-quarter of 1 percent of the $7.8 million annual salary that Louisville’s coach at the time, Rick Pitino, was making. (He was fired a year ago after news of the case broke.) College football and basketball generate billions of dollars in annual revenue to the N.C.A.A. and its member schools.

The players are ostensibly amateurs, “student-athletes” in the lexicon of the N.C.A.A. Whether they should be paid is a subject of healthy public debate, but the judge in this case, Lewis A. Kaplan, made prospective jurors pledge allegiance to this amateur model — to agree, as he put it, that college athletes should “get their scholarships, and nothing more.”
Postive Score54.199683042789225
Negative Score45.800316957210775


Every year I give a lecture on the history of retail in which Sears, central to American shopping for a century, plays a starring role. On Monday, when Sears filed for bankruptcy protection, I got a little wistful — not because I was particularly attached to the company, but because of the largely unsung role of its iconic catalog in helping African-Americans evade the injustices and humiliations of the Jim Crow era.

Historians typically date the Jim Crow era to the Mississippi Plan of 1890, which amended Mississippi’s Constitution to allow the disenfranchisement of African-Americans. But the true onset of this era came earlier, and it started with shopping. In 1883, the Supreme Court voided the Civil Rights Act of 1875, which had banned discrimination in public businesses like theaters, restaurants, trains and shops. The loss of political rights, then, followed the loss of consumer rights. Jim Crow was active white resistance to black people’s freedom both at the ballot box and at the local shop.

Every time black Southerners went to a local store, they were forced to wait as white customers were served first. Serving white customers before black ones might seem a relatively small insult, but behind that racial ordering was an omnipresent threat of violence. Products in these stores reminded black shoppers that whites did not consider them deserving of human dignity: Grotesque caricatures of black faces were used as a “humorous” way to sell toothpaste, soap and nearly anything else; far more harrowing, with the rise of public “spectacle” lynching in the 1890s, black people could find the charred remains of lynching victims for sale alongside postcards commemorating the event.

Waiting for service was not mere discrimination. It was part of a larger world of white violence.

Then there was the matter of buying items on credit. Farmers, white and black, depended on credit to survive until the harvest. Credit came through small general stores, where the (white) shopkeeper would decide what you were allowed to buy. Black sharecroppers would often be in perpetual debt to a store, which was often owned by their landlord and employer. The credit price for goods, higher than the cash price, always managed to leave sharecroppers a little in the red even after they were paid for their crops. This debt system bound black farmers to the land in an almost feudal fashion. Adding insult to injury, black people were often even not allowed to purchase the same quality clothes as white people.
Postive Score53.64341085271318
Negative Score46.35658914728682


Yet all of us should have learned by now that there is a big difference between the unlikely and the impossible. Political polls are like weather forecasts or medical diagnoses. They are a much better guide to the future than random guesses, but they inevitably involve uncertainty. “84 percent” is not just a careful way of saying “100 percent.” The Republican Party of Donald Trump really could win the midterms.

That’s why I spent a good portion of this past week doing reporting about what two more years of unified Republican rule might look like. The following preview is based on those conversations.

The Russia investigation

Members of Congress don’t usually turn against a scandal-marred president from their own party until they believe that supporting him jeopardizes their own careers. That fear helped lead Republicans to abandon Richard Nixon, at long last, in 1974. A lack of fear helps explain why Democrats stuck by Bill Clinton through his sex scandal.

For today’s congressional Republicans, the election will be a measure of how worried they need to be about Trump and Russia. As Susan Hennessey of the Brookings Institution says, the midterms “are the last best hope for Republicans in Congress to grow a backbone.” A Democratic takeover may make congressional Republicans less willing to make excuses for Trump. A Republican victory would suggest that the party does not need to be very scared about the politics of Russia.

Yes, Mueller — the special counsel overseeing the investigation — could change that by issuing an explosive report after the election. But a midterm victory could also give Trump the confidence to shut down the investigation, through firing some combination of Mueller, Rod Rosenstein (who oversees Mueller) and Jeff Sessions, the attorney general. In their place, he could install loyalists unconcerned with the quaint notion that no one is above the law. An expanded Senate majority could ease the confirmation of those loyalists.

Even if Mueller’s findings eventually became public, an unfinished report is different from a completed investigation that could include indictments of people close to Trump. It’s easy to imagine Trump waving it away as a “witch hunt.” Congressional Republicans may go even further and hold hearings investigating the investigators — the current and former law-enforcement officials whom Trump has unjustly blamed for the investigation.

Altogether, an election victory would probably give Trump the confidence to do what he has already signaled he wants to do: use the law as an instrument of political power rather than one of justice.
Postive Score53.85756676557863
Negative Score46.14243323442137


What distinguishes the Harvard suit from past legal challenges to affirmative action is that it shows that the people the policy harms aren’t privileged and unsympathetic white kids. The injured are other minorities.

Nor is this a matter of second-tier white students duking it out for the last available slots against standout minorities. The Asian-Americans rejected by Harvard are outstanding candidates being penalized by hoary stereotypes about having ferocious work ethics but not much else. Internal Harvard documents refer to them as “busy and bright” and “standard strong” — reminiscent of the way a previous generation of Jewish students were dismissed as “average geniuses” who were not “clubbable.”

No wonder Harvard fought tooth-and-nail to keep those documents secret. The goal of achieving a desired racial composition on campus depends on Wizard of Oz-like schemes of dissembling and doublethink. The core problem with every noble lie is that it can only be concealed by an additional lie, then another. Whatever else it is, it’s the opposite of Veritas.

Still, I can’t help but think that critics of the plaintiffs are right in at least one respect: Those “busy and bright” kids who aren’t going to Harvard will be fine. Most will still get into great schools and have good careers. They might rage against an institution that turned them away unfairly. Yet deep down they’ll have the satisfaction of knowing their own worth.

Will that be equally true of those who, thanks to affirmative action, did get in? I wonder. Perhaps the deepest damage affirmative action does is to those it embraces, not those it rejects. It isn’t a pleasant thing to live with the sense that your achievements aren’t quite real— and that everyone secretly knows it. It’s corrosive to live in the clutch of someone else’s lie.

“The way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discriminating on the basis of race,” John Roberts once wrote. Should this case reach the Supreme Court, let’s hope he still means it.
Postive Score54.077253218884124
Negative Score45.92274678111588


“We all know that feeling,” says Charlie Warzel, a reporter at BuzzFeed who’s written about everything from viral misinformation on Twitter to exploitative child content on YouTube. “You flag a flagrant violation of terms of service and send out a request for comment. And you’re just sitting there refreshing, and then you see it come down — and afterward you get this boilerplate reply via email.” Mr. Warzel says his inbox is full of messages from people begging him to intercede with the platforms on their behalf — sometimes because they have been censored unfairly, sometimes because they want to point to disturbing content they believe should be taken offline.

Journalists are not in the business of resolving disputes for Facebook and Twitter. But disgruntled users might feel that they have a better chance of being listened to by a reporter than by someone who is actually paid to resolve user complaints.

Of course, it would be far worse if a company refused to patch a problem that journalists have uncovered. But at the same time, muckraking isn’t meant to fix the system one isolated instance at a time. Imagine if Nellie Bly had to infiltrate the same asylum over and over again, with each investigation prompting a single incremental change, like the removal of one abusive nurse.

The work of journalists is taken for granted, both implicitly and explicitly. In August, the Twitter CEO, Jack Dorsey, took to his own platform to defend his company’s decision to keep Alex Jones online. “Accounts like Jones’ can often sensationalize issues and spread unsubstantiated rumors, so it’s critical journalists document, validate, and refute such information directly so people can form their own opinions,” he said. “This is what serves the public conversation best.” But journalists and outside researchers do not have access to the wealth of data available internally to companies like Twitter and Facebook.

The companies have all the tools at their disposal and a profound responsibility to find exactly what journalists find — and yet, clearly, they don’t. The role that outsiders currently play, as consumer advocates and content screeners, can easily be filled in-house. And unlike journalists, companies have the power to change the very incentives that keep producing these troubling online phenomena.

The reliance on journalists’ time is particularly paradoxical given the damage that the tech companies are doing to the media industry. Small changes to how Facebook organizes its News Feed can radically change a news organization’s bottom line — layoffs and hiring sprees are spurred on by the whims of the algorithm. Even as the companies draw on journalistic resources to make their products better, the hegemony of Google and Facebook over digital advertising — estimated by some to be a combined 85 percent of the market — is strangling journalism.

But throwing light on the coordinated misinformation campaigns flaring up all around us is a matter that is much bigger than the death of print — it’s essential to democracy. It can change the course of elections and genocides. Social media platforms are doing society no favors by relying on journalists to leach the poison from their sites. Because none of this is sustainable — and we definitely don’t want to find out what happens when the merry-go-round stops working.
Postive Score53.086419753086425
Negative Score46.913580246913575


The end of Western convergence, then, isn’t an indicator of some kind of failure. Meanwhile, the coming of rapid convergence by emerging markets is a huge success story.

When I was in grad school in the 1970s, I thought I should do development economics — because it was clearly the most important subject — but didn’t, because it was too depressing. At that point it was mostly non-development economics, the study of why Third World countries seemed to fall ever further behind the West. True, we were already seeing a growth takeoff in smaller East Asian economies, but few saw this as a trend that would spread to China and India.

Then something happened; we still don’t know exactly what. It’s a good guess that it has something to do with hyperglobalization, the unprecedented surge in world trade made possible by breaking up value chains and moving pieces of production to lower-wage countries. But we don’t really know even that.

One thing is clear: at any given time, not all countries have that mysterious “it” that lets them make effective use of the backlog of advanced technology developed since the Industrial Revolution. Over time, however, the set of countries that have It seems to be widening.

Once a country acquires It, growth can be rapid, precisely because best practice is so far ahead of where the country starts. And because the frontier keeps moving out, countries that get It keep growing faster. Japan’s postwar growth was vastly faster than that of the countries catching up to Britain in the late 19th century; Korea’s growth from the mid-60s even faster than Japan’s had been; China’s growth faster still.

The It theory also, I’d argue, explains the U-shaped relationship Subramanian et al find between GDP per capita and growth, in which middle-income countries grow faster than either poor or rich countries. Countries that are still very poor are countries that haven’t got It; countries that are already rich are already at the technological frontier, limiting the space for rapid growth. In between are countries that acquired It not too long ago, which has vaulted them into middle-income status, but are able to grow very fast by moving toward the frontier.
Postive Score53.79494007989347
Negative Score46.20505992010652


Stuffing the Bravo Sausage Into Its Platinum Casing

Every season of “The Real Housewives” is shaved down from hundreds of hours of footage into anywhere from 13 to 25 hourlong episodes. Much of the series is stakes-setting — establishing the precarious perfection of the housewives’ lives — so each cast member need be truly interesting (i.e. lose her temper, faculties or inhibitions) just once or twice in a period of several months to ensure an entertaining season. Incessant quick cuts — from a woman, criticizing; to a woman on the other side of the room, being criticized; to a third woman summarizing those criticisms directly into the camera; to a close-up of decimated party hors d’oeuvres — are one reason reality shows feel jumpier and more chaotic than multicamera sitcoms like “The Big Bang Theory.” Wall-to-wall music corrals the visually disconnected footage into a cohesive narrative in a manner unique to Bravo: In contrast to other TV shows — even other reality TV shows — nearly 100 percent of its screen time is underlaid with music.

For scenes of discord, Mr. Howard said, “It’s all minor key. Usually D and C minor are like, drama.” Bombshell revelations are followed by a second of abrupt silence that leaves the words that precede it ringing in the air .

Lighter footage — what Mr. Baiardi calls “tasking” scenes — is scored with less bass, sparser, high-pitched instrumentation, and physically smaller drums. This music often accompanies scenes of soothing upper-class chores: a woman wiping a clean cloth over a countertop the size of a sparkling glacier; a woman instructing her maid on how to pack her designer luggage; a woman in a maelstrom of dinner party preparations discovering her mother’s urn tucked beside the silver condiment bowls.

The Signature Tracks guys showed off their process from Mr. Howard’s home studio, which is crammed with equipment but neat, like NASA’s Mission Control Center if just one person worked there and had a taste for purple. The room is blessed by a small plaque recognizing Mr. Howard’s work on Jay-Z’s album “Vol. 3 … Life and Times of S. Carter.”

A tense instrumental boomed from his speakers, but Mr. Howard decreased the volume until it was almost inaudible. “Now you can hear them talking,” he said. It was true; the music sounded more familiar — more Bravo-like — at a muted level. Every few seconds, three quick string notes in a minor key abruptly cut in — VHHVHHVHH — and fell silent. “There are these little string fills that give it that tension,” he said.

“They’re dropping in and out, which is creating room for dialogue,” Mr. Lasman added. “The dropouts are a really big part of actually telling the story.” They provide opportunities for close-up reaction shots. They suspend time to amplify uncomfortable moments.
Postive Score53.75647668393783
Negative Score46.24352331606217


For most readers and writers — and book lovers in general — the library holds a special place of honor and respect. We asked several authors to tell us about their local public library or to share a memory of a library from their past.

[ Read Michael Lewis’s review of “The Library Book,” by Susan Orlean. ]

My Temple

The first library I knew was an upstairs room over a storefront in my little Kentucky town, with a librarian who didn’t approve of children handling books. (I begged; she relented.) The second was a van kitted out with bookshelves and sent out on the rounds of our rural county, a godsend to children and many adults who had no easy way of getting to town. The Bookmobile was the whole world parked on my gravel road. It came once a month, and we were allowed only three books at a time, but the Bookmobile lady had a heart. She let me check out as many as I could carry.

Everywhere I’ve gone since, I’ve found libraries. Those of us launched from bare-bones schools in uncelebrated places will always find particular grace in a library, where the temple doors are thrown wide to all believers, regardless of pedigree. Nowadays I have the normal professional reliance on internet research, but my heart still belongs to the church of the original source. Every book I’ve written has some magic in it I found in physical stacks or archives.

Or the facade, in the case of my first novel. The library I frequented in Tucson was draped in wisteria with long, dangling pods: the bean trees. For my latest, it was a cache of letters Charles Darwin wrote to a lady scientist in Vineland, N.J. Once it was a very old Kikongo-English dictionary I found in the University of Arizona library’s special collections. It wasn’t supposed to leave the room, but I am persuasive. I said, “Something good could happen if you let me borrow this book.” I took it home; a novel called “The Poisonwood Bible” happened.
Postive Score54.17201540436457
Negative Score45.82798459563543


After rewatching his movie, “I felt like it was compromised,” he said. “Why didn’t I just go with my instinct from the beginning and not worry about it? I didn’t give them the second F-word because I didn’t think I would get it, and I never got it before. But something in my heart was telling me it wasn’t authentic to what we were trying to say.”

And so, with the release date fast approaching, Tillman persuaded Fox to do something nearly unprecedented: resubmit “The Hate U Give” to the M.P.A.A. with an unbowdlerized version of Starr’s big moment. Tillman would write the ratings board a letter pleading for the added expletive, which he argued was essential to the film and his lead character’s journey.

Surprisingly, the M.P.A.A. granted his request: “The Hate U Give” would be the rare PG-13 film to contain two instances of the board’s most penalized curse word.

“Sometimes the M.P.A.A. gets a tough rap about ratings, but here’s a chance where it really worked to our benefit,” Tillman said. “They knew that the language was not just used as language, it was used to educate and inform.”

Ultimately, Starr learns over the course of the movie to put a premium on keeping it real, and the language in “The Hate U Give” had to follow suit. In other words, if the film wanted to walk the walk when it came to teenage verisimilitude, it also had to talk the talk.

“I felt like it wouldn’t be truth without it,” Tillman said.