
Grow stronger relationships at all levels with colleagues, management, clients and stakeholders

Create ‘proactive’ high-performing teams

Think and act adaptively no matter the situation

Communicate with greater openness and purpose

Achieve better results with greater ownership, accountability and responsibility

In this two-day interactive workshop, you will gain practical and effective skills and tools to understand, engage and influence others to achieve even more. The EI model is simplicity itself, and within each stage participants will gain a multitude of tools for everyday leadership:
Postive Score2104.0
Negative Score204.0


The Leadership Programme is designed to help you develop your personal leadership skills. You will learn to inspire and lead others by understanding yourself, how you relate to the people you work with and the leadership challenges you face.

You will already have experience in a leadership role and perhaps be at a point where the requirement to lead and influence people is becoming increasingly significant in determining your success. You are likely to be responsible for teams of people and/or projects and be measured in terms of your effectiveness in influencing others within the organisation. If you now feel the need to reflect on your leadership effectiveness and take steps to further develop as a leader, this programme is for you.

Benefits to the individual

Understanding of yourself as a leader; your strengths and weaknesses in this role and to utilise these for best advantage

Go away with a strong set of frameworks to look at leadership effectiveness in yourself and others

Develop clear goals and a powerful commitment to improve your personal leadership effectiveness

Learn from the experience of others by working with them in a range of different leadership scenarios.

Benefits to the organisation

This programme helps good leaders raise the bar and understand what it takes - both from within themselves and through their influence on the wider organisation - to deliver high performance and transformational results. It can mark a significant change in a leaders' effectiveness and career direction.

You can expect to review a range of leadership frameworks and explore how to manage the pressures of delivering high performance. The emphasis throughout is on application, to help you become a better leader in the context in which you work now whilst building skills for the future.
Postive Score4002.2222222222226
Negative Score302.22222222222223


Are you an aspiring leader? Enhance your understanding of the complex and contingent nature of leading in an engaging way and develop the skills, knowledge and capabilities which are central to effective leadership with this intensive two-day programme.

Effective leadership is critical to the success of all organisations. Traditional command-and-control leadership styles are becoming less tenable in a complex and digitally connected world. Successful leaders need to be agile, adaptable, have a strong level of self-awareness, and a firm understanding of their impact upon others (especially followers).

Focus and structure

The programme is structured in a way that combines contemporary theoretical insights with a practical and grounded understanding of how to apply the content to the day-to-day work of being an effective leader. Using a variety of techniques including face-to-face teaching, case studies and experiential exercises, the programme is delivered over two days. The first day focusses on leading oneself insofar as it looks at self-awareness, individual leadership predispositions and preferences, dominant behaviours, and personal effectiveness. The second day is primarily concerned with leading others insofar as it looks at leading teams, motivating followers, managing conflict, delegating and influencing others.
Postive Score5101.666666666667
Negative Score701.6666666666666


Yih-teen Lee is associate professor in the Department of Managing People in Organizations. He earned his Ph.D. at HEC, University of Lausanne, where he also participated in a research project as a postdoctoral research fellow. He teaches subjects such as leadership, cross-cultural management, and strategic human resource management in MBA as well as executive programs. Prior to IESE, he taught at HEC University of Lausanne (Switzerland), Angers Graduate School of Business ESSCA (France), the American Graduate School of International Management Thunderbird Europe (France), and Lung-Hua University of Science and Technology (Taiwan, R.O.C.).

One of Prof. Lee's papers on culture and the person-environment fit, titled "Satisfaction and Individual Preference for Structuring: What is Fit Depends on Where You Are From," won the Best International Paper Award of the Organizational Behavior Division at the 2006 Academy of Management Annual Meeting, and was one of the three finalists of the academy-wide Carolyn Dexter Award. In addition to papers published in scientific journals such as Personality and Individual Difference, Prof. Lee also co-edited the books Les compétences culturelles (cultural competences, L'Harmattan, 2007), and the Cultural Contexts of Human Resource Development (Palgrave, 2009). He participates actively in research activities in cross-cultural comparative studies, cultural identities and cultural competences, and leadership in multicultural teams. He is also passionate about developing endemic cultural knowledge of the Chinese business context.

Prof. Lee is ad-hoc reviewer for journals such as Leadership Quarterly, Organization Studies, and Management and Organization Review, among others. He is a member of the editorial board of the Revue économique et sociale, and also member of the Academy of Management, the Association of Psychological Science, the European Group of Organizational Studies, the Standing Conference on Organizational Symbolism, the Association francophone de gestion des ressources humaines (Francophone Association of Human Resources Management) and the Association internationale du management stratégique (International Association of Strategic Management).
Postive Score5401.587301587302
Negative Score701.5873015873016


Joe Peppard is Professor of Management. Additionally, he is an adjunct professor at the University of South Australia. Previously, he held academic appointments at Cranfield School of Management (United Kingdom), Loughborough University (United Kingdom), Trinity College, Dublin (Ireland), Groningen University (the Netherlands), Politecnico di Milano (Italy), and University of Sydney (Australia). In 2011 he was the Dean’s Distinguished Scholar at the University of Southern Queensland (Australia).

At ESMT, Prof Peppard designs, directs and teaches on customized executive development and intervention programs for customers such as ThyssenKrupp, Bosch, E.ON, and Munich-Re. He also leads a number of open enrolment programs as well as teaching on the school’s MBA program.

The focus of his research is in the area of information, information systems and information technology. Through his research he seeks to challenge dominant orthodoxies as he believes that these are contributing significantly to the problems that organizations have in leveraging digital technologies, both operationally and strategically, and ultimately in optimizing the value delivered from digital investments. Professor Peppard has published widely in academic and general business and management journals and regularly presents his work at international conferences. Findings from his studies have been published in leading journals such as European Journal of Information Systems, California Management Review, MIS Quarterly Executive, Journal of Strategic Information Systems, International Journal of Production and Operations Management, European Management Journal, Journal of Information Technology, Long Range Planning, MIT Sloan Management Review, Harvard Business Review, International Journal of Information Management and Information Systems Journal. In 2009 The Operational Research Society awarded him the prestigious Stafford Beer Medal for his research while he received the Best Paper Award at the 2012 American Marketing Association’s International Service Research Conference.

His most recent books include Strategic planning for information systems (Wiley) and Customer relationship management: Perspectives from the marketplace (Butterworth-Heinemann). His book The essence of business process re-engineering (Prentice-Hall), originally published in the mid-1990s, has been translated into Chinese, Spanish and Polish. He is currently working on a book Digital Leadership for Boards and C-Suites (to be published in 2015). He is Associate Editor of the International Journal on IT/Business Alignment and Governance, an Editorial Board Member of European Management Journal and MIS Quarterly Executive and was previously European Editor of the Journal of Information Technology.

In his consulting, Professor Peppard has worked closely with senior executives and Board members of large complex organizations in both public and private sectors advising them on IT and strategy related matters, leveraging information and on how to unlock business value from their IT investments. He also works with a number of technology companies helping them with their strategy, market positioning and growth. A Irish former international athlete, he is a Non-Executive Director of IT Alliance Group, an outsourcing and managed service provider, and previously served as Chairman of the Board of Fineos Corporation, a global provider of innovative software solutions for insurance, bank assurance, and social insurance.
Postive Score6401.333333333334
Negative Score901.3333333333334


Given name

Family name

Your email address

Your phone number

Job Title Please select a job title Top-level (C-Suite, Owner, President, Director) Mid-level (Vice President, regional manager, managing director) Professional (associate, analyst, lower level manager) Entry level, intern or student

Industry Please select an industry Accounting and finance Corporate planning/business development Education/teaching Engineering General management Human resources International operations IT/computers/technology Legal/lawyer Manufacturing/production Medical PR/corporate communications Property and premises Public policy Scientific and technical services Sales Transport and distribution Other

Submit

Disclaimer: When you click submit, we will send an email on your behalf to Queen's School of Business from which you are requesting information. The email will contain your contact information so a school representative will be able to get in touch with you.
Postive Score6401.333333333334
Negative Score901.3333333333334


Leadership doesn’t only rest exclusively in the hands of the leader. To get your business going, you have to get your people on board. This three-day programme by RSM Executive Education will boost your skills to inspire, engage and motivate others, and teaches you the power of presence to reach your organisation’s goals.

You will learn new perspectives and techniques to reach your highest personal and professional potentials as a leader, including how to build trust, manage conflict, use positive emotions for successful decision-making, and implement effective time management. Your new non-verbal communication skills, such as presence and body language, will motivate and inspire people to achieve their best. You will also create an awareness and expansion of your repertoire as a leader. Connect, inspire and motivate your team by having your message congruent with your body language and voice.
Postive Score7001.234567901234
Negative Score901.2345679012345


Teams are at the heart of organisational life and their effectiveness strongly influences the success of the enterprise overall. Striving for, and achieving, high performance in teams has therefore become a major business imperative, but bringing together individuals into a group and making them a cohesive and productive team is far from straightforward. The mix of differing personalities, skills, motivations, career aspirations, and leadership styles of individuals, as well as the complexities of the task and the process, means that building and shaping high performance teams is fraught with difficulty.

We will explore the key elements of a high performance team, drawing on examples from corporations, not-for-profits, consultancies and sports teams, among others. We shall look at the major areas of team roles and responsibilities, team dynamics, and team outcomes. We will look at the different kinds of people required to make a high performance team and the important elements in ensuring the dynamics of the team bring high performance. Dealing with conflict in teams and how to cope with difficult team members will also feature in the sessions. The programme provides the opportunity for participants to hear the latest research on these topics from Cambridge University and to develop the implications of the work for their own organisations.
Postive Score7701.098901098901
Negative Score1201.098901098901


Tony Frost is an associate professor of international business, and the former MBA Program Director at the Ivey Business School. Frost received his Ph.D. from MIT's Sloan School of Management. His thesis "The Geographic Sources of Innovation in the Multinational Enterprise" received the inaugural Gunnar Hedlund Award for the best doctoral dissertation in international business. Before earning his Ph.D., Frost completed the first year of Sloan's MBA program and worked as an intern at Microsoft Corp. in Redmond, Washington. His undergraduate degree (BComm) is from the University of British Columbia.

Frost's research interests revolve around strategy and competition in a global context. The main focus of his research is on the capacity of foreign subsidiaries to assimilate, utilize and transfer geographically localized knowledge during the process of technological innovation. Papers from this research stream have been presented at various academic conferences and published in leading academic journals. More recently, Frost has embarked on a research project looking at competitive dynamics between multinationals and local firms in emerging markets. A paper from this project, co-authored with Ivey's Niraj Dawar, was recently published in Harvard Business Review. Frost's research has been funded by various organizations including Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada, Center for European Studies at Harvard University, Industrial Performance Center at MIT, and Carnegie Bosch Institute at Carnegie Mellon University.

Since joining Ivey in 1996, Tony Frost has taught Ph.D., MBA and undergraduate courses in Business, Economics and Public Policy and strategic management. He has also taught on several Ivey executive programs, including the recently launched Accelerating Management Talent program. He is currently Program Director of the Erasmus program in partnership with the Rotterdam School of Management. Frost also teaches specialized executive programs for emerging market companies in various locations around the world.
Postive Score8201.041666666668
Negative Score1201.0416666666665


Key Races : House

House Senate

CNN's 2018 Race Ratings are based on a number of factors and data points. These include candidate recruitment, fundraising strength, districts' voting history, voter registration data by party and recent voting trends, as well as CNN's political reporting and analysis.
Postive Score66.66666666666666
Negative Score33.33333333333333



Postive Score66.66666666666666
Negative Score33.33333333333333


IN YOUR HEADSET...

Headsets are hands-down the best way to watch VR stories. You can see the latest from CNNVR on the Samsung VR app , the Oculus Video app on Rift , or on the CNNVR app on Google Daydream . Just look left or right to explore the 360 world around you. Believe us, you need to try this.
Postive Score83.33333333333334
Negative Score16.666666666666664


