
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Friday's weather forecast with Darren Bett

Parts of the UK have been experiencing heavy rain, flooding and strong winds, with gusts reaching 76mph.

Storm Bronagh moved eastwards across Wales and England overnight, with flooding reported in northern England.

Sheffield and Sennybridge, Powys, both got around half a month's rain fall in 24 hours.

A yellow weather warning for wind is in force until 09:00 BST on Friday, with some homes experiencing power cuts and rail services also affected.

Police warned motorists to be aware of fallen trees, debris and power lines on the roads during the morning rush hour.

Speed restrictions were in place for many trains across the network in Wales and the west and north of England.

National Rail said various train routes in Wales and England had been disrupted because of fallen trees and flooding.

Some train services between London and Edinburgh have been cancelled because of damage to overhead lines near Durham that engineers worked overnight to fix.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption This man rescued an elderly woman from her car after she became stranded by flash flooding

The strongest gust during Storm Bronagh of 76mph was recorded at the Needles on the Isle of Wight.

Multiple flood warnings remained in place in south Wales and England on Friday morning, as well as more than 60 flood alerts.

In Cynghordy, Carmarthenshire, a car was swept down a river on Thursday, but no-one was inside.

Skip Twitter post by @DPP_Towy_NPT Several calls received today due to the incredible weather conditions. Including this report of a car floating down a river in Cynghordy. Stay safe and only make essential journeys in this weather... And don't cross flooded fords.. Fortunately no one was in this vehicle. pic.twitter.com/NZrgfumEXy — DPP Towy NPT (@DPP_Towy_NPT) September 20, 2018 Report

Meanwhile, pictures posted on social media showed vehicles with flood water up to their bumpers on a road between Sheffield and Rotherham.

Image copyright George Griffiths/Twitter/PA Wire Image caption Cars were caught in flood water between Sheffield and Rotherham

One video showed a man rescuing an elderly woman from a car that was surrounded by flood water in Tinsley.

East Midlands trains said there had been severe flooding in Sheffield station and warned customers to take extra care.

Met Office forecaster Simon Partridge said it was the first time this season that south-east England experienced strong winds.

"The first storm to reach an area each year usually has some fairly significant impacts because all the things you didn't realise were diseased or rusted or whatever, that's the first time you know about it - when the first winds arrive," he said.

Highways England warned that the high winds pose a particular risk to lorry, caravan and motorbike travellers.

Two people died when Storm Ali, the UK's first named storm of the season, battered the British Isles on Wednesday, with winds of up to 100mph.

A woman died after the caravan she was in was blown off a cliff in County Galway in the Irish Republic.

A man in his 20s was killed and another in his 40s was injured, after a tree fell on them at the gates of Slieve Gullion Forest Park, near Newry, County Armagh.

Travel disruption in Scotland and northern England caused by the storm persisted into Thursday, and thousands of homes were without power.

Have you been affected by Storm Bronagh? Share your pictures, video and experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways: