
Jim is the CEO of Aarm Dental Group. He is an MBA trained dentist through 2 MBA programs 12 years apart; and a past president of the BCDA. Jim serves as an editorial consultant for the JCDA and a CDA media expert on dental management issues. Jim chairs the Economics Committee for the BCDA which produces the fee guide for the BCDA. His research and writing interests are in the areas of service marketing, finance, and strategy/policy as it pertains to the dental profession.
Postive Score200.0
Negative Score100.0


To tackle the demands and pressures of today’s increasingly complex health care system, health system leaders must continuously invest in their development and in new ways of thinking. In order to keep up with increasing demands, health leaders need to innovate, realize the promise of new technologies and lead change as never before.

Canada’s leading centre for health care leadership development, the Rotman School of Management has unique expertise in developing health leadership and management effectiveness. This program focuses on providing you with actionable management tools and a proven change management framework used by health providers, life science firms, and major corporations.

Over five days you will increase your effectiveness in driving improvements within your organization as you interact and build relationships with leaders from across the system.
Postive Score712.5
Negative Score112.5


Understand the changing landscape of digital healthcare, find new business opportunities and learn tools for more valuable and robust innovations.

New digital products and solutions are the center of an emerging transformation of health care. Companies entering and competing in this environment need to understand the opportunities and challenges of digital health innovations.

Changes redefine the opportunities and the context for innovations and the way innovations must be developed to become competitive. From this masterclass participants obtain a deeper and more actionable understanding of current challenges and solutions for innovations in digital health. They understand more clearly the role of health platforms in shaping the innovation landscape. They work with innovators who are operating in novel solution spaces such as artificial intelligence or patient support platforms. With help from university and industry experts they learn and practice crucial tools to make their innovations more competitive.
Postive Score1506.25
Negative Score106.25


Vision, strategy and change: transforming your organisation through strategic leadership

Healthcare organisations around the world are under immense pressure. Demands are rising, patient expectations are changing rapidly, costs are soaring and profits are dwindling. As a consequence, leaders feel under ever increasing pressure to focus on the short term, making decisions with an eye firmly on their effects on next year’s financial performance. This behaviour is understandable – but it is ineffective in the long run and does not help create the sustainable organisations that we need to provide the healthcare of the future. What is required is a healthy balance between necessary short-term fixes and a long-term strategic imperative, a compelling vision and execution strategy that allows leaders to make and communicate decisions that are aligned over time and build up to a sustainable solution.

Strategy and vision

This programme will provide you with a framework for strategising that is particularly apt for healthcare organisations, and then guide you through the development of an outline strategy for your organisation, drawing on experiences of different types of healthcare organisations from around the world. Through this practical hands-on approach, you will be enabled to go back to your organisation, assemble an appropriate team, and develop a strategic vision and execution strategy.

Leading and managing people

Having a vision and a strategy are of utmost importance for the development of sustainable solutions for healthcare organisations – but they do not suffice. To be successful, leaders have to be able to bring their people along on the journey and this challenge is particularly taxing in healthcare organisations, where powerful, expert professional groups need to be managed. In times of change, senior leaders must develop an effective people strategy for a successful implementation of their strategic change programme. We will explore the key elements of a people strategy for healthcare organisations. We will not only explore strategies to engage low-performing individuals or employees who display toxic behaviours, but also how to turn high-performing, but difficult, individuals into team players. This will enable you to develop an effective people strategy for your own organisation.

The environment

The final crucial component for a successful implementation of a strategy in healthcare is the leader’s ability to influence the environment and lead beyond their organisational authority. Healthcare ecosystems are complex networks. Unilateral changes are unlikely to be successful, unless all parts of the system play ball. Patients and leaders in the wider healthcare eco-system have to be brought along to achieve the organisational vision and strategy. This requires careful negotiation. We will develop your negotiation strategies, drawing on experiences across public and private sectors. This will not only help you develop and communicate the vision and strategy for your own organisation but ensure that this is done is close alignment with the interests of other players in the system. Smart negotiators help their partners develop their own organisational strategies in such a way that an aligned system vision and strategy emerges.
Postive Score2902.8571428571427
Negative Score602.8571428571429


Walter studies idea emergence or how inventions come about and transform into innovations. During the last five years he coached the emergence of over a hundred of innovative ideas in global and multinational companies active in life sciences, smart systems, clean tech and their combinations using ‘Entrepreneurial Boot Camp’ active learning formats.

As Associate professor of Technology & Innovation Management at Vlerick Business School, he counsels and lectures about technology and innovation management across Europe, US and Asia with global companies like Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen Pharmaceutica, IMEC and NXP Semiconductors and as - Visiting Professor at Peking University. His team does extensive academic and business research in innovation ecosystem emergence, corporate venturing and IP-based business modelling using case studies and computer simulation-based research methods.
Postive Score3502.439024390244
Negative Score602.439024390244


In recent years, with rapid adoption of IT in the Healthcare sector, healthcare organizations are able to capture large amounts of data. These data come from variety of sources starting from patients, nurses, doctors, support staff, administration, vendors etc. These data are recorded in different forms like patient records, patient satisfaction surveys, patient complaint registers, quality of care assessments, usage statistics of medical facilities, employee satisfaction surveys, employee training reports, purchase registers, journals and ledgers etc. Effective analysis of these large amounts of organizational data can lead to better decision making. For example, one may discover more cost effective treatment paths which can help in accurate diagnosis of ailments, deliver quicker treatments to patients, improve usage of hospital facilities, help in effective planning, ensure proper allocation of medical and non-medical resources for improving customer satisfaction, etc.

The programme is divided into the following modules:
Postive Score5101.724137931034
Negative Score701.7241379310345


The use of digital technologies is changing the healthcare sector at an unprecedented pace, providing innovative ways to achieve better healthcare outcomes, opportunities for lower long-term healthcare costs, and a rapidly growing digital health market of an estimated $200 billion by 2020.

Run in an unprecedented partnership of Columbia Business School Executive Education and digital health innovation company HITLAB, the Digital Health Strategy program offers executives in the healthcare space unique resources for accelerating the infusion of digital health in their business.

Over the course of three days, executives develop a powerful digital health strategy for their organization, tapping into Columbia Business School’s world-renowned leadership expertise and HITLAB’s preeminent know-how of the healthcare sector.

The program demystifies the value-based components of digital health and generates a common language and framework for accelerated collaboration across the executive's organization. Participants explore a strategic roadmap for its real-world application upon their return to work, leaving with a strategic game plan that ensures sustainability across people, platforms, processes, and partnerships.
Postive Score5701.5625
Negative Score701.5625


In government, the academy, private sector and journalism, Juliette Kayyem has served as a national leader in America’s homeland security efforts.

Kayyem is founder of one of the few female-owned security businesses and provides strategic advice to a range of companies in technology, risk management, mega-event planning and venture capital. As a faculty member at Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government, she teaches new leaders in emergency management and national security and has authored several books on homeland security.

Kayyem has spent over 15 years managing complex policy initiatives and organizing government responses to major crises in both state and federal government. Most recently, she was President Obama’s Assistant Secretary for Intergovernmental Affairs at the Department of Homeland Security. There she played a pivotal role in major operations including handling of the H1N1 pandemic and the BP Oil Spill response, as well as organizing major policy efforts in immigration reform and community resiliency. Before that, she was Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick’s homeland security advisor where she guided regional planning, the state’s first interoperability plan, and oversaw the National Guard. She has also served as a member of the National Commission on Terrorism, a legal advisor to US Attorney General Janet Reno, and a trial attorney and counselor in the Civil Rights Division at the Justice Department. She is the recipient of many government honors, including the Distinguished Public Service Award, the Coast Guard’s highest medal awarded to a civilian.

A journalist and commentator, she has a weekly segment on Boston’s public radio station WGBH. For nearly eight days straight, she provided non-stop analysis during the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings for CNN, where she continues to serve as a security analyst. In 2013, she was named the Pulitzer Prize finalist for her hard-charging editorial columns in the Boston Globe focused on ending the Pentagon’s combat exclusion rule against women, a policy that was changed that year.

She is a board member of Mass Inc., the Boston 2024 Olympic Committee, the Trilateral Commission and the Council on Foreign Relations. Described as a “rising star” of the Democratic party, in 2014 Kayyem was a candidate for Governor of Massachusetts. A graduate of Harvard College and Harvard Law School, and the mother of three children, she is married to First Circuit Court of Appeals Judge David Barron. Her memoir –The Education of a Security Mom – will be published by Simon and Shuster in 2015.
Postive Score6001.408450704225
Negative Score1101.4084507042253


CBCS Medical Billing and Coding is an ideal program for students new to a medical career. If you’re seeking entry into the healthcare industry, this comprehensive program will provide you with all of the information you need to earn a certification in medical billing and coding.

You will build a foundation of medical vocabulary, to help you better understand the contents of a patient’s medical record, as well as notes from practicing physicians. In addition, you’ll learn current medical coding standards, so you can be successful within the industry.

Upon completion of this program, you will be prepared to sit for the Certified Billing and Coding Specialist (CBCS) exam, offered by National Healthcareer Association (NHA). The registration fee for this exam is included with this program.

Whether you're just starting out or transitioning into a different field, there has never been a better time to enter the field of Medical Billing and Coding. More than 900,000 practicing physicians in the United States rely on medical billers and coders to receive payment for their services. Aside from medical facilities, positions are available with health insurance companies, pharmacies, medical suppliers, consulting firms, and medical billing companies. Healthcare workers are in high demand due to the increased medical needs of an aging population and the increased number of Americans qualifying for health insurance.

This program offers valuable training in legal, ethical, and regulatory concepts that are central to the field, including HIPAA compliance and third-party guidelines for filing insurance claims. You will gain hands-on, practical experience in medical billing and coding and work with the main coding manuals: ICD-10-CM, ICD-10-PCS, CPT, and HCPCS Level II. You will also learn how to code diagnoses, services, and procedures for all systems of the body.

Medical Terminology is the language of medicine. You will study word parts and the structures and functions of the human body. You will also learn about the disorders and medical procedures common to each body system, including musculoskeletal, cardiovascular, respiratory, digestive, nervous, endocrine, integumentary, genitourinary, lymphatic, and immune.

You'll also have the option to complete the all-new Career Roadmap lesson for Medical Billing and Coding. This lesson will help you find, land, and keep a job in your new field. These job-finding and job-landing skills will serve you now and throughout the rest of your career.

Upon completion of this program, you should be well prepared to find your place in this rewarding healthcare career. You will also be able to take the Certified Billing and Coding Specialist (CBCS) exam offered by National Healthcareer Association (NHA), the registration fee for this exam is included with the program. This program will also prepare you to sit for the Certified Professional Coder (CPC) exam and the Certified Coding Associate (CCA) exam.

This program is entirely online and is completed at your own pace. When you register, you receive twelve (12) months to complete this program.
Postive Score7201.204819277109
Negative Score1101.2048192771085


Wharton Nursing Leaders Program addresses this complexity, from identifying the key stakeholders and influencing their behaviors to learning to manage resources and knowing when to terminate a task force or project. Small-group work enhances learning and applying the lessons from the classroom.

As nursing leaders advance within their organizations, the decisions, the issues, and the projects become increasingly complex and often occur across silos. Developing leadership skills is critical for this group to be effective managers and patient advocates, especially as hospitals and health systems face resource constraints and changes in both health care policy and patient care delivery.

Recognizing the importance of strategic leadership in a rapidly evolving health care setting — in which patient satisfaction and accountability are increasingly important — this program presents a comprehensive approach to strategy development that emphasizes management skills, both financial and human, that are crucial for success. Wharton Nursing Leaders Program is designed to help you be a more effective nurse leader, with tools to better manage resources, be more responsive to stakeholders, and optimize your nursing staff’s performance.

Wharton faculty apply their field-based research and the latest strategic insights to help you enhance your leadership in a health care setting. Faculty members bring particular content expertise and vast experience working with senior clinician executives.

This program provides nursing leaders with well-tested tools and frameworks that will clarify and enhance their strategic thinking, whether they need to negotiate for additional resources, unveil a new strategy, or simply oversee the day-to-day operations of their departments.

Session topics include:

Planning for Execution

Hospital Finance

Stakeholder Mapping

Effective Decision Making

Team Building and Motivation

Managing People: Influence and Persuasion

Through highly interactive lectures, exercises, and case studies, both in the classroom and in smaller work groups, this program will give participants the business acumen, leadership, and critical thinking skills that will enhance their value as both nursing leaders and hospital administrators.
Postive Score8700.990099009901
Negative Score1400.9900990099009

